"Wanton destruction of wildlife"
200 SUKODU puzzles!
SUKODU books keep coming!
"Like the world is absurd.That's why I write about it."
Now,look at it this way!
SUDOKU books keep getting better and better!
Now the secrets are available to anyone.
"You are what you read -so be careful what you read!"
"Before you're half a lifetime old,you're tired enough to die."
Is it a mirage;or am I seeing things?
"Do what?" That says it all in Texas
Thinking outside the box!
"In his heart there were many mansions."
"Famines are not natural disasters,but social disasters"
"He looked up at a towering tree,and dared to think small."
"In a land of  idiots,a moron is a genius."
30 million starved to death in1959-61;what does the future hold for China?
Is it the Book Buisness or the Business of Books?
"You don't get rid of your problems,you get a new set." Willie Nelson
"Epiphanies will always be elusive."
"Michio,where the hell are you,now that we've finally found the bear."
WW111 Started on 9/11 and there are no Rules of Engagement
The Leftists are nearly always wrong,but never in doubt.
A Good Book to Start Solving SUDOKUS
"Beware of the man with one book."  St .Thomas Aquinas
"Science answers the question WHY,and Art thequestion WHY NOT"
"Say it loud;I'm black and I'm proud."
Not a bad idea for a book,but totally underdeveloped!
Two more SUDOKU books from one of the best!
The Latest Puzzle Craze!
For the good of Hillary or the good of the country?
SUDOKU is taking over the Planet!
Truth is stranger than fiction...
Air Force One brings the Message Of Hope
The Left Wing succeeded in only their own minds.
Al Franken for President!
The Blindness of Hate
Fascinating world of nature.
"He was as unique as a snowflake. - Kristofferson."
"In my bidness,you ain't got to be pretty,just open-minded."
"If it ain't broke ,it ain't ours."
"Just let them go out and play and have fun."
The War on Terror is still with us!
"They're there today.And when they're gone,there will be no more."
History is an alloy....
Understand the magical and mystical tradition of the Celts.
You can't always tell a book by it's cover!
The War on Terror will be long and hard but the USA will win!
Just make it up.That's not a lie.
"Birdwatching is a state of being,not an activity."
"He who laughs last didn't get it at first."
Learn to think outside the box
"Nobody  never gets killed for no reason!"
O'Reilly has finally arrived  ----  in Canada no less!
The difference between Law and Justice
"It was a terrible choice.A cold Celtic dilemma."
"If  you choose between truth and legend,print legend."
"Clarity is not fanaticism.Bush hatred is."
Gun Control is a red herring;and this book proves it.
How The Middle Ages formed Ireland of  today.
Dude,where's the Democrats?
Come on, Ripley's; you can do better than this!
"To go where no man has gone before"
Why the people of the US elected G.W Bush --twice
They can't all be corkers!
Past success is no guarantee of future success.
Down the Memory Lane of Comics...
Put on your thinking cap and get to work.
I laughed till I cried!
Network news divisions are becoming extinct
"Do it the hard way."
The best defence is a strong offence.
Politically correct-he's not.
"Innocence does not utter outraged shrieks,guilt does."
"To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill"
"O God,thy sea is so great,and my boat is so small."
"Bush clearly indicates in advance exactly what he will do."
In 1990,there were 70 million Irish living outside Ireland.
"God is good and the devil is not that bad."
Now ,here's another way to look at it...
The search for the Holy Grail continues..
When Photo Ops become Photo Oops...
Oh,Ye of Little Faith!
Hello,Mr.President!
What happened?
Hiding right in plain sight.
Why is this called Science?
"God is in charge,not you.Be at peace,Larry."
Why do we do Jigsaw puzzles?
Move over Rover,there's a new dog in town!
"You picked the wrong side in this fight."
Is this an illusion,or am I seeing things?
How did you learn to read?
The Eagle Has Landed
Skye  Fargo out hustles the hustler!
You  aren't lost, you're just having an experience.
So you like puzzles?
Where did it all go wrong?
On the road again....
Did you hear the one about....?
When did you last get conned?
Life takes a whole lot of living
These people are getting more expensive all the time.
My favourite bird book.
"The global war on terrorism began in Afghanistan..."
Colors make all the differences!
"Modest treasures await on the path less travelled."
"Perhaps the only thing safe to love is the land itself."
Back in the saddle again!
Nobody did it like Sinatra!
"Once it has happened,it has happened forever."
"When Irish Eyes Are Smiling" was written by a German.
" where there is variety,there is challenge and opportunity"
OK!, It's just about time for another Doomsday bestseller.
Every curse falls back on its author."
A different meaning for "All Creatures Great and Small".
"Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife."
"Travel is never as neat as one imagines it will be."
"Everything comes out in the wash if you use enough Tide."
"It's a poor prophet who can't even save himself."
Hey!, What's going on here?
"People won't always die when they're supposed to."
"He's an art form,the baseball diamond his canvas."
Another great year with Doonesbury!
"This is where my ashes are supposed to have been"
So, who thinks for you?
A great book from one of the best!
Have you ever been to.....?
"Music connects us with the soul."
Using the Mind's Eye to the Ultimate!
It isn't the books,it's the book business.
What's this book worth?
Who knows when or where?
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Hard to believe--Only 200 years ago!
Put on Your Thinking Hat!
"History  would be a wonderful thing,if only it were true"
May the musical journey never end.
"In Limerick blood runs thicker than friendship"
Can you hear that lonesome whistle?
"Errors and failures typically corrupt all human designs."
Who says we need professional  comics to amuse us?
"It's not like Ireland,they forget here."
"The Pearl Harbor of the 21st. Century."
Boy,is this ever a book and a half!
"A  Candle in the Wind"
Great book for a LIBROCUBICULARIST
"Now ,don't go getting above buttermilk."
What's around the bend?
"A good man stays committed to his faith."
The War on Terror didn't begin on 9/11
Appeasement didn't work in the 1930's,and it won't work now
You'll never look at a Snow Goose again in the same way
"There was a God in the Irish heaven after all."
"A President has to be the calcium in the backbone."
A well earned tribute
"If  you ain't crazy,there's something wrong with you."
A stunning collection of pictures.
Hatred consumes the hater not the hated!
Whatever song he sang,he made it his own.
O'Reilly got it about right.!
So what!
There's nothing as sure as DEATH,TAXES and EARTHQUAKES
A great  reminder of 9/11
Do you see it?
Socialism is an incurable disease.
Harder than you think...
Now where did I hide it?
"Sammy was the "only' of a kind."
"Much too little ,much too late."
This is the best of many such "quote books" i've read.
Simply,a wonderful book on Science.
"It's the correct way,but also the most difficult approach.
What was that all about?
Find humor in the absurd;and we can all laugh.
Good has and will continue to win over evil.
"Coated with fairy dust"
A Literary Lesson
Cowboys like a good laugh too!
Extraordinary!!
"The witch is dead,and this is her head."
"I said it was a rumor to that effect.I made up the rumor.
&quot;In the Jarro there is magic.&quot;
&quot;He was a mover and a shaker.&quot;
&quot;Lose sight,lose fight.&quot;
God Bless America...including Andy Rooney!
A great little &quot;Throne Book.&quot;
&quot;Well there's always another chance,&quot;he told the Ovaro.
&quot;The people made me a star.&quot;  Marilyn
&quot;This sin will haunt  humanity to the end of time&quot;
My first Max Brand ..A terrific listen!
A Nation Once Again!
&quot;We're all the same in the eyes of the Lord...JRC&quot;
Keep looking;you'll find it....
One never tires of Escher...
Look and you will see!
I Walk The Line...
When is a Western not a Western?
The one with the best weapon WINS!!!
Truth is stranger than Fiction....
The rarest of moments...
Required reading for Phychology  101
Don't let someone else do your thinking.....
Are you doing a Big Year this year ?
He gave everything he had and now he's gone...
"Is there such a thing as a grave that is not cold and ..."
&quot;A judge is merely a lawyer who has been benched.&quot;
Who knew what,where,when,how,whyand why not.....?
&quot;You only find what you look for.&quot;
Everybody talks about it ,but......
&quot;Gambling,a hard way to make a living..&quot;
"We choose our lovers by their flaws"...
Looking for love in all the wrong places...
America must fight and win the War on  Terror
Time this mess got cleared up!
Granatstein is right on;but it is not only our history!
&quot;These are good weapons we're building,comrades!&quot;
Brother,can you spare a dime?...
If you lose your job,it's the boat to England...
Why America is the Leader of the Free World
To each his own...
"You'd sleep with a priest if you thought he'd ......"
Struggle for justice..
Curmudgeons should like this one..
Can there ever be  justice?
When you come to a fork in the road;take it.
Still good after all these years..Believe It or Not!
And this too shall pass...
And I thought I knew something about Tangrams...
Spellbinding Art
"Terrorism against this nation will not stand"
The defender and the aggressor are not alike....
Humor is the greatest weapon...
So,you enjoy crosswords...
Fact and Fiction of the Wild West
When are we going to get somewhere?
What a day for Freedom!!!
A handsome woman is a jewel,a good woman is a treasure...
Speaking the truth is not racist...
Did they get a picture of that?....
But the road takes such a terrible toll...
A Puzzle Book with a Twist...
Here,try this one...
What is man without a soul?
McMurtry has done it again!!
Fascinating Mathematics....
The conspricy writer's conspiracy....
And this is what could have happened...
&quot;Now that he had put his foot so firmly into the cow patty.,
And we think we live in disheavled times...
No better than &quot;A Call for Excellence&quot;
You tell 'em,George!!
On The Road Again...
Just try to beat The Red Headed Stranger...
This book surprised me...
Let the Maze amaze you...
It may be English;but the Irish have mastered it....
A new approach to a field guide...
&quot;It's a quarter to three and there' s no one in the place...
&quot;It's not my fault I'm 101!&quot;
We'll See You In Court...
correction
There's Always Hope...
correction
Pardon me;but I disagree....
A True Genius Walked amongst us..
..though soft you tread above me..
Hear That  Lonesome  Whippoorwill..
Keep on Rockin'...
I GO POGO!
Crime is not a pretty picture....
A scrapbook of the century...
Life was meant to be lived;and CJ sure knew how....
A scrapbook of the century...
What inspiration...
How soon they are forgotten...
A Brouse of Readers..
The Establishment can destroy you...
Freedom never comes easy.....
A Good Tale !
A  Room  Without  Books Is Like A Body Without A Soul
A Little Gem !
What it was to be Indian....
A book version of Beauty and the Beasts....
What a treasure!!
First you don't see them ; then you do! !
What it was to be Indian....
Find out why kids play  &quot;Ring  a ring of roses...&quot;
Where' the justice?
The Doc is aging like everyone else...
And he is supposed to have a sense of humor......
Why George W won and Al Gore lost..,,
Ho Hum..
What goes into a movie...
James Joyce was never as much fun...
Live each day like it may be the final day...
A sleep inducer...
Left with mixed feelings.....
Chalk up one for Richler!!
What a Find ! !
What potato famine...
Here's how it works....
The family is the foundation of any society.
I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse !
The Irish Are survivors
We knew how to do it in the past ...but  got led astray.
Did you ever see a robin weep...
The World of Birding
Hey;I really enjoyed it!
We shall overcome ! !
The Irish have a way with words! !
A road book with a passion
A cowardly attack on America
Hank Williams " THE " Country & Western  Legend
Remember 9/11
A good book ; maybe , but not for me.
Truth is stranger than fiction! !
Where have we heard this before? ? ?
The customer (reader) will decide ! ! !
What it means to be a Celt  ! ! !
A short story- - - s  t  r  e  t  c  h  e  d
Gone and forgotten...
Why we love books....
Moving on.......
Books on books !
Just another book about books.
I just did'nt like it !
A PLASTIC  FLOWER IN A REAL FLOWER GARDEN
THE MAN HAD CHARACTER
THE EYES HAVE IT ! !
What  Does History teach us?
Fact or Fiction?
A ROAD BOOK TO ENJOY
Publishing for the sake of publishing!
