Very Good Encyclopedia for Beginners.
Rare culinary wisdom and great fun to read. Not gospel thought
Very good selection of recipes, but not authoritative on technique
Very Important book on Bread and its history. Buy It!
Excellent Home Cookbook for Arab Families.
Expensive Ideas in inexpensive book. Not bad. Could be better.
Just a bit thin on directions and weak on real world sensibilities.
Great Read. Fine Historical Connections. Small lapses.
Excellent Read. You won't even miss the recipes. Buy It.
Truly great reference
Essential Reference for All Non-Fiction readers
Very Good Writing, Needs a bit more liberating imagination.
Good, but not Great. Nice picture guide to perennials.
Better than average reference for Italian dishes.
Very Good Sampler for idle moments.
Pure pleasure for cartography groupies
Excellent Introduction to Serious Hobbyist. A few minor blemishes.
Beautiful and relatively complete catalog of pasta dishes.
Great Gift. Unique Work, probably Bantock's best written work.
Goulding does the Michelin Guide for Composers. Buy It!
A unique multimedia novella, great of a thoughtful gift.
Excellent Presentation of a Most Useful Dish. Buy It.
A nice collection of recipes. Not the best info on the ingredient.
A Must buy if you like rice. Imperative if you own a rice cooker.
A very informative book on milling technology and home milling.
A very Novel Cookbook. Buy it to read!!!
Superb Text and First book on cooking. Buy It!
Excellent Book on Pastry and Classic Pies and Technique
A very personal overview of Korean national dishes plus memoirs
If you like to cook or want to cook better. Buy this Book!!!!
A bit of the Brothers Grimm as seen by Edgar Alan Poe
Another vote for this great classic
A leading book of 'culinary anthropology'. Buy It!
Excellent Encyclopedia on Useful Technique. Buy It!
A classic of the first Water! Buy it!!!
Unusual Format, good culinary content, great pics
Unusual Format, good culinary content, great pics
Unusual Format, good culinary content, great pics
Excellent Writing, but not the very best in show!
Some Unique stuff, but certainly not the best smoothie book
Best of the Little Books on Smoothies
Fails on several counts compared to other smoothie books
Best Smoothies Book I have seen. Nutritional info may be dated
Good for juicers. Otherwise, not the best.
Good Book for Juicer users. Otherwise, not the best!
Very Good memoir writing. Good but not excellent foodie stuff
Good reference for blender intensive recipes.
Great Rachael Ray Material. Not greatest veggie book!
One of two great meat cookbooks. Better of two on principles
Very Good Little Culinary Novella.
Superb Tutorial in How to think about Food. Buy It!
Excellent Pizza Travelogue. Dated Material.
Lots of great material, but flawed presentation. Buy it anyway
Early Notes for The Silmarillion, plus MAPS! Better than Vol III
Very good nutritious smoothies. Less value for casual users.
The very best regional Italian cookbook! Buy It!
Superior Survey of Rural Italian Cuisine. Not Simple!
Indispensible Scholarly Study. Buy It!
Lots of Facts and Recipes, but not essential.
A Digest of Great Culinary Writing. Suggest you read originals
Extraordinary Collection of Culinary Essays, some quite deep
Very Good Biography, Very Important Culinary Writer
A Superior Encyclopedia of Chinese Cooking Lore
A very nice book of classics and seasonal salads.
A very nice book of classic and other salads.
Familiar Recipes with some new twists. Repeats other books
Sloppy but Good Take on Polish Cooking by an American
Very Nice, Inexpensive Book of Authentic Polish Recipes
THE classic on Mexican cooking. Buy It.
The Master of Mexican Cuisine Does Staples and more!
A Very Good Biography of a most important culinary writer
Excellent Social History of American Recipes
The Golden Bough of Computer Algoriithm Analysis
THE classic work on Computer Programming Algorithms
Excellent Text on Professional Italian Cuisine. Buy It!
Very Attractive book for Collectors. Not necessarily for foodies
Best of the Bunch in the Slow Cooker World
A genuine classic. Buy it for all boys between 7 and 15!
A classic of the first order. Buy It!
Nouveau Southern with Chipotle. Better than the First Book
Very Good Collection of Recipes. Not the best Salmon book
First Edition, My first professional Philosophy book
They don't write them like this anymore!
Very Good Addition to the 'cuisine provinciale' family. Buy it
An important essay on salsas. Very useful for entertaining
Excellent Reource for Culinary Writers. Buy It!
A rising culinary star with a notable first book. Buy it.
Fantasy for Adults! Poetry Corner.
Essential Continuation to Part One. Tolkien'sEarly Myths
The World on the other side of Tolkien's looking glass
Another attractive French Restaurant book. Yawn.
An Especially Good book for Entertaining. Great ideas!
A collection of good salad recipes in a mediocre book.
Great Introduction to Outdoor Cooking.
Great 2nd book on Fish cookery. Buy It!
Excellent Guide to Charcoal Grilling and Barbecue.
Excellent Recipe Sampler and Useful Techniques. Buy It.
Excellent Study of a Major American Cuisine.
Important Journalistic tale of Loiseau and French cuisine
Origins of Elves, Sauron, Middle Earth, and more! Buy it!
Extremely broad collection of recipes. Weak writing.
Great book for professionals and serious foodies.
Inexpensive Resource for Southern Entertaining
One of the Best Seafood Restaurant Books
A decent book of good 'haute cuisine' restaurant dishes
Excellent Master Class on Everyday Dishes. Buy it!
Flay's Grilling for Healthy Living. Very Good but not Great.
Artfully organized and carefully described recipes. Buy it!
Insprational and Educational Professional's Cookbook
Very Personal Culinary Tour. Not for the Novice Mexican
An oversized book of pics and recipes which works.
A very moveable feast.
Excellent Introduction to Professional Haute Cuisine.
Entertaining Foodie Read plus Superior Explanations.
Second Collection of Great Essays on Science and Life
Excellent MS on a Most Important Subject. Buy It!
Conclusion of 'Rings' and Supplementary History.
Orthanc and Minas Morgol assaulted and eluded!
Great third Memoir. Leaves us wanting more! Buy It.
Excellent, Inexpensive Intro to Spanish Cooking.
The best Italian Restaurant Cookbook.
Act I Setting the Stage and Characters. Great Fantasy!
Necessary reference for Meat, Poultry, Game, and Sausage
Decent Recipes, Poorly Conceived and Executed Premise
Worthy Exemplar of a Very Important Novel
Great First Book of Mexican Recipes. Buy It!
Best Italian Cookbook for Non-foodies. Buy It!!
Essential Resource for Authentic Mexican. Buy It!
The finding of THE RING which started it all!
Excellent Home Cooking Techniques from Professionals
Very Good Collection of Comfort Restaurant Food
Excellent, Entertaining Survey of Regional Spanish Cuisine
Broad, Informative Survey of Paella. Buy it if you like Rice
Great Survey of Classic Cuisine. Must Buy for Foodies
Very good supplement to a landmark book.
Smallish book of Splashy Thai inspired recipes. Fair.
Excellent Foodie Background Reading. Good cheese too
Very nice source of fast Asian recipes. Not the best.
'The Secret of Eating for Pleasure' a much better title
Important Case Study in the History of Science
Very Important Resource in English on Greek Myths
Great Source for Healthy Living. Better Recipes than Others
The very well known secret live of 'Cats'
Excellent Recipes for Non-Foodies
Essential Reference on Spanish Cuisine and Wines
Leading Title of both Spanish and Little Bite Recipes
Excellent Recipes of Personal Experience of Spanish Food
Above Average Restaurant Cookbook. Esp for Olive dishes
Great Grabbag of Fun Recipes for Weekend Entertainer
More Great Quick haute cuisine. Better than Cuisine Rapide
Great Intro to Easier French Recipes. No shortcuts here!
Encyclopediac Treatment of haute cuisine. A must for foodies
Major Historical Text. Use it to supplement modern cookbooks
Great foodie read for understanding cooking and ingredients
Great Journalistic Effort. Less good as Intellectual History
Novel with strong polarized opinions. Good reason to try it.
Good Insights into Pro / Home Cooking.Flawed but Good Read
Great Comfort Food, plus good words to eat by! Buy this book
If you just want to cook a few dishes well, buy this book!
Great Inspiration. Not as Great as Her Earlier Books
Five stars with a BULLETT!!!!
Excellent Culinary Source for Vegetarians and Others
Great Vicarious Tour of Paris Baking. Less value for recipes
A Giant Classic of American Intellectual Work
Rachael Does Low Carbs, sort of. Typically Good Recipes
A very good survey of Mediterranean cooking themes
Attractive Book of Unusual Recipes. Beginners Beware
Some Really Unusual Tarts Here. Very Attractive Book!
Great Shortcuts for Frequent Baker
A true marriage of the spade and the spoon!
Excellent Grilling Recipes for a Reasonable Price
Very Good Breakfast and Lunch Recipes. Good Read too
Average Italian Recipes. Good buy if you like the show.
Essential Reference For Indian Vegetarian Cuisine
A Very Important Book for Learning about Food. Buy It!
Excellent Introduction to Indian Cuisine. Not Comprehensive
Excellent Survey of Indian Ingredients not covered elsewhere
Model of what amateur foodie can get from a culinary master
Very Good Book for the Occasional Entertainer and Cook
Quick taste of Ayurvedic nutrition and Yoga. Still Hungary
Cooking Chinese for Fun, Fun, Fun, Seriously!
Very European Master Class in Pastry. Buy It!
Very nice, simple recipes for experienced cooks.
Excellent Introduction to Thai Vegetarian Cuisine.Buy It.
Good Stories with a very Limited Range. Worth Buying.
Excellent Essay on Submissive Girl Story. Not quite the best
Third in a most important reference on world fishes. Buy It!
Most Important Philosophical Work of the 20th century
Second Most Important Work of Philosophy in 20th Century
Great Variety for the casual baker for small cost. Nice Read
An average book with good recipes but poor reference info.
Great Source of Ingelligence on Growing and Using Veggies
Decent to Good Guide to Eastern Oriental Groceries
Very Good Guide to Your Local Indian Strip Mall Grocery
Great Reference, Great Read, Great Recipes. Buy it Now.
Great Read, Classic Recipes, Great Reference. Must Buy!
Excellent Presentation of Distinctive National Cuisine
Excellent Historical and Culinary Treatment. Must Buy!
Good Source for Authentic Recipes. Weak on cooking technique
Two German Cookbooks Compared. This one wins!
Two German Cookbooks Compared. This one is weaker.
Two Filipino Cookbooks compared. This is the loser.
Two Filipino cookbooks compared. This one wins!
Delightful Culinary Travelogue and Entertain. Resource
Literary Buffet of Holistic Doctrines and Healthy Recipes
Good Soups. Only Fair Presentation for Healthy Use
Best Soup Book I have reviewed. Buy this Book
A cookbook you must keep in your kitchen. Buy it!
Well concieved seasonal treatment. Great source.
An Average Book, not up to Standards on the Subject
Retro Results and Humor with First Class Recipes
Average Dictionary, but useful as a quick reference.
Buy This Book. Superb Presentation of East Asian Foods!
Good Basic Soup Cookbook. Not best for US.
Master Class in Fruit Confits. Artisinal Jams!!
Biography of Great Product. Excellent Read
Easily the most important recipe reference for your kitchen
Buy the Book for the Kitch, not the Kitchen
Good Summary of Essential Methods. Not Perfect
Excellent Variety of Cookie Recipes.
Excellent Memoir and Writing, but not her best
A+ Among Books from Famous Restaurants. Buy It.
Great Cake Designs. Good Book for Professionals
Excellent Baking Tutorial for Busy People. Read it all!
Important Explanation of the Rise and Fall of Spice Envy
Best in Class among Soup, Stew, and Chowder Books. Buy It
How to Serve a Fire Breathing Dragon for Dinner. Great Read
Comfort Food with the Undisputed King of Comfort Cooking
Another Pretty Italian Restaurant Cookbook. Too Expensive
Delightful Treatment of Soup Recipes and Traditions
Excellent Soup Recipes. Less than Excellent Editing. Buy It
Enchanting Memoir of Rural Tuscan Life.
Great Source on Culinary History,Business, and Lore
Excellent, Inexpensive source for Italian Entertaining
Very Good Introduction to Kitchen Lore. Not Best Science
Food Facts explained with Humor, plus really useful recipes.
Excellent book for no meat Italian. Highly Recommended
Excellent Coverage of Dutch Classics. Cheap.
A very nice reference for terms, recipes, and Italian books.
Excellent Reference for Highly Seasonable Subject. Buy It.
Excellent Source for Vegetable Dishes, But Not the Best.
Epitome of Great Culinary Writing. Buy it and Read it Now!
Savannah Lore and Recipes. Good Look and Read
Great Introduction to Home Bread Baking. Buy It!
First Class Writing and Photography Great Price. Buy It.
Fun Foodie Read. Uneven suggestions. Lots Great Some dumb
Very Good Essays and Recipes. Good Read A bit disconnected
Recipes get same loving attention as the characters. Buy It.
Skillful Writing with Personal Insights about Food and Life
Great Source for Norhtern Italian Home Cooking. Buy It.
Excellent Science and Culinary Technique. Highly Recommended
Great Source for Vegans and Vegetarians. Highly Recommended
Leader in the Cupcake Derby. Highly Recommended
Italian-American Home Cooking. Great Sentiment. Pricy
Excellent Survey of Italian-American recipes. Pricy
Excellent Textbook for Learning New Techniques. Buy it
An average book with good, but carelessly written recipes.
Excellent Manual on Knife Skills and Cutting Tools. Buy it.
A perfectly delightful book of Italian Bean Recipes. Super
Great Foodie Fun with Word Origins. Not Complete.
Very Good Essay on Slow Food. Little use as a cookbook
Excellent Recipes, Wine Tips, and Background. Pricy
Covers the oink to the tail. Very Highly recommended.
Very good reference for all the standards. Recommended
Great exemplars of haute cuisine recipes. Highly recommended
Excellent Handbook for Kitchen Newbies. Highly Recommended
Great Dishes. Great Inspiration. Small Practical Value
Very Good Book for Frequent Cook. Lots of Variety
Wolf gives you all the details in one fell swoop. Very Good
Best General Purpose Cookie Cookbook So Far
Definitive Text on Food Science AND Lore. Buy It.
Graduate Studies in Baking Christmas Cookies. Great!
Rachael Conquers Breakfast, Lunch, and Midnight Snacks
More Great Food Writing from an Old School star columnist
Great Read on what makes American Food. Recommended
Good introduction to Italian Regional Food. Great Read.
Very Personal and Very Erudite Amateur's take on Food
Another New York chef's Cookbook. Yawn.
An Excellent Foodie Read on Italian Country Cuisine
Very Good Study of Italian-American Cuisine Origins
High Quality Memoir of Culinary Journalism
Saffron, Almonds and Blackbirds in Pies, oh my! Great Read
Very Good History and Illustrations. Weaker on Recipes.
Great Observations of Arcane Venues. Suspect Generalizations
Great Family Cooking and Travel Book. Great Read and Eats
Entertaining Scholarly Treatment with Good Stuff for foodies
Italian-American Culinary Autobiography. Good, not Great
A Leading Contemporary Culinary Essayist. Great Read
Excellent Restaurant Book for Foodies and Pros
Excellent Read and Great Entertaining Dishes.
Excellent Book on a Subject which Deserves a better format
First Class Culinary Scholarship, Useful and Easy to Read
Great Reference for Vegetarians and Everyday Cooks
Excellent Manual of Japanese Techniques
Engaging mix of memoir, history, and polemic. Recommended
AB ties it all together. Baking explained and humored. Great
Good Recipes, but NOT a master class lesson in sight.
Masterful Reference on Bistro Recipes. Highly Recommended
Ina Does Parisian Lifestyle. Excellent for Virtual Tourist
Excellent on every reason for buying Restaurant Cookbook.
Very Good Fusion of Japanese Tastes and Western Wines
Unusual, Complicated Ideas and Recipes. Profesional Fare
Jamie Oliver Cooks at Home. Very Highly Recommended
Very Good Companion ot the Show. Not much new material.
Very 'haute cuisine', very decorative, useful ideas.
Routine Journalistic Effort. 4 years out of date already.
A Very Good Kid's Introduction to Cooking. Could be Better.
Good manual on scratch cake baking. Highly Recommended.
Essential First Book on Italian Cooking. Highly Recommended
Precise Description of Italian Cooking Principles. Excellent
Great Interpretation of Italian Cuisine. Highly Recommended
Outstanding Exposition of Classic Italian Cooking. Buy It!
Tired, Boorish Personality, but reasonably good book.
Flawed but Highly Useful Tour of Wok Culture and Cuisine
Excellent Recipes for Star Pantry Item. Highly Recommended
Excellent tableau of Tuscan Life. Better than Most
Great survey of cheap, tasty dishes from star pantry item
My slim but delicious Greek cookbook. Highly recommended
Good Treasure of Good Recipes. No more than expected.
Great Read, Classic Recipies. Great Fun. Highly Recommended
Jamie Does Cooking with the Family. Highly Recommended
Solid Second Book on a Naked Food Lifestyle. Outstanding
A Model of Life in Love with Food and Cooking. Buy It!
Beaver and Muskrat and Armadillo, oh my
Delightful Resource for KosherCuisine. Great for Foodies too
Excellent Book on Most Useful Cooking Technique
Evocation of the Season in New England. Not just a cookbook
Great Introduction to Greek Cuisine. Highly Recommended
Great Entertaining Source and Fun Foodie Read
Excelllent Subject for Comprehensive Reference
Truly a great book for chocolate lovers. Highly Recommended
A Few Great Recipes plus Nice Pictures.
Excellent 'Mater Intro at Good Price. Some things missing.
Great variety and taste from experts. Recommended
Master Class in Easy Home Cooking. Highly Recommended
Great Baking Technique applied to Miniatures by a Pro
Great Read and Super Culinary Reference.
Superior Book about Superior Restaurant. Good Read.
Revealing culinary journalism. Highly recommended.
Culinary Essays by a Master. Leftovers, but still Tasty
Careme the Core of Changes in French Cuisine. Great Read
Literary Comfort Food. Highly Nutritious for the Soul
Heartwarming Culinary Essays. Great Read for Foodies
Excellent Manual on Soup Making. Atypical Stock Method
Very Highly Recommended Source on Artisinal Breads
Highly Recommended Artisinal Baking Text. One of the Best
Literate Personal Story from inside Amazon.com Little sizzle
Jacques Pepin's Greatest Hits. Familiar, but still Great
Superb Evocation and Cookbook for Great American Food
Good Read. Fills out pictures of Italian life and cuisine
Gluten and Foam and Emulsions, oh my. The Gold Standard!
Highly Practical Advice on Making the Best of Olive Oil
Interesting,confused presentation of two different subjects
Great Survey of  Classic Cuisine. More instructive than many
Great Interpretation of Southern Home Cooking. Recommended
Recommended Addition to English Literature on World Foods
Not for Everyone. Good Book for Large Family Meals.
Recommended for Economical Variety and Simplicity
Delicious Read, Great Advice, Simple but Misleading Recipes
Very Good Source of Regional Recipes. Great Read
Great Culinary Advice, Quirky Organization, Great Read
Highly Recommended Text for Both Tarts and Tortes
Highly Recommended Instruction on Cake and Pastrys
Classic Spanish Restaurant Cookbook. Recommended
Italy's Answer to Mezes and Tapas. Highly Recommended
My new favorite introduction to artisinal bread baking
Tremendously Useful Book on Very Important Food
Highly Recommended Modern Treatment of Ancient Technique
Good Book for Vegetarians with Little Time.
One of the Best Popular Books on Food Science
Studies in Food Business. Good Read. No Food Talk
Highly Recommended Simple and Sophisticated Italian Food
Highly Recommended Simple Italian Recipes. Advanced
Recommended Simple Recipes for Good Cooks
Great Intro to Chicken Grilling. Highly Recommended
Excellent Recipes and Background. Good Technique
Good Entertaining Recipes for Skilled Cooks. Recommended
Good Recipes from a French Home. Mostly Simple
Success with Simple, Interesting Recipes. Recommended
A Guide Which Accomplishes its Objectives. Recommended
Attractive Package, Good Recipes, Failed Premise
Very Highly Recommended Instruction on Pastry
Good Famous Restaurant Book. Not much else
Very Good Competition Barbecue Manual.
Literary amuse bouche. Very tasty. Highly recommended.
Exceptionally Good Reference for Kitchen Fixture
Very Good Recipes. Very Misleading Concept
Excellent One Subject Book by Great Team. Recommended
Undisciplined book destined for the budget stacks
Very Good coverage of a Classic Dish. Recommended
Highly Recommended for Grillers. Broad Range of Recipes
MSS from the Culinary Right Wing, Excellent Read.
Excellent Read and Recipes. Highly Recommended
Essential Authority on Techniques. Highly Recommended
Highly Recommended Second Book on Cooking
Good Omnibus of Profile, Pictures, and Recipes
Culinary Travelogue with an Interesting Idea.
Major Contribution to Knowledge of World Food. Outstanding
Facinating Exposition of a Culinary Crossroads
Excellent  Reference. Look Elsewhere for Instruction
Very Good Evocation of Another East Med. Cuisine
Essential, Exhaustive Reference to French and World Food
Lots of Easy Bread Recipes for the Rest of Us.
Practical, Smart, Seasonal Vegetarian Dishes
Great Treatment of  Italian Ingredients. Highly Recommended
Real Italian American Home Cooking
Good Source if you need to cook
Good Mediterranean Recipes for the Rest of Us. Recommended
Very Good Culinary Picture of 19th Century Russia
Excellent Source for Filling Soups
Excellent Special Topic Bread Book. Must Have for Bakers
French and American Home Cooking by two Masters
Textbook from Reliable Authority on Cooking. Some lapses
Authority on Regional Barbecue, and why Barbecue is Great
Restaurant Dishes with Restaurant Tricks and Tips
Enjoy the Experience of Reading a Really Bad Book
Evoking Roman Cooking. Very Good First Italian Cookbook
Worthy Resource for baking AND DECORTATING cupcakes
Great Little Book of Largely Original, Easy Desserts
Another Star Practicioner of California Cuisine sans Pizzas
Julia Child for Everyday Cooking. Excellent Teaching Source
Good Resource for Large Family Cooking
Very Good Kids Cookbook.
Creme de la Creme
Authoritative Answers to Most Baking Questions
Worthy new book of largely new Chocolate Recipes
Excellent Resource for Baking Enthusiast
Best Book on Baking I Have Seen. Highly Recommended
Great Modern Treatment of Very Old Techniques. Outstanding
A Delightful Book of Soup. Highly Recommended
Excellent Dessert Book If You Can Pick Only One
Culinary Memories and Cuisine Of Jamie Oliver's Mentor
An Very Good Book if You Like Central Pennsylvania Diners
Bookselling Gimmick not worthy of Author's Reputation
Lots of good Vege cookbooks around. Why buy leftovers?
This book is not a good idea. Buy the complete volume.
Great, Up to Date Reference to Break out of Recipes
Great Book for Baking with Kids. Neat Variations on Classics
A better book on Provencal Home Cooking
Master Classes on Culinary Techniques. Highly Recommended
Interesting If you are a Bread Machine Person
Best General Book on Fish. Highly Recommended
Great American Answer to Tapas and Mezes
How You Too Can Apply Science to Food. Excellent Read
Great addition to a delightful Genre. A foodie must read.
Entertaining, Accurate Application of Science to Cooking
A necessary, superb finish to the complete work
Most Important Cookbook of the Last 50 Years. Period.
Delightful and Nutritious Guide to Good Breakfasts
Another Excellent Culinary Evocation of Provence
An Inexpensive Classic, Full of Great Suggestions
Good Mix of Healthy Culinary Advice.
An Important Standard for Serious Culinary Writing.
Great Distinct  Writing in a Distinguished Tradition
More Pep Talks and Good Recipes from Chef Kathleen
Elegant Treatment of French Classic Dishes. Excellent
Effective, Easy to Read Strategy and Tactics for Weight Loss
Insight, Fine Recipes, and Gorgeous Presentation. Great Buy
Story of Two Sisters, their Business, and some Recipes
More Syrian than Nutrition. A rare Arab oriented book
Excellent Source for Entertaining with Food and Wine
Deep Analysis and History of Mediterranean Cuisine
Warms the Heart as Good Food Warms the Stomach
Companion to  Food Network Show. All The Good Stuff
First of Two Scrumptious Memoirs. Highly Recommended
A Great Culinary Memoir. Glad Tony traded pan for pen.
Very Personal and Knowledgable  Chronicle of Food
Great Read, Good Insight into American Culinary Culture
Superior Journalistic Look at a Facinating Subject
Superior Cookie Book for the Home Baker
Reality Novel  of a classic American Immigrant Family
Good, Economical, Easy Italian Food, Excellent Recipes
French for Comfort Food. Warm, Easy, Delightful
Thorough Coverage of an Important Food
Rich, Rewarding Source of French / Mediteranean Recipes
A Wealth of Sound, Useful Recipes and Advice
A new standard Introduction to Baking. Outstanding
A very good source for family meals and entertaining at home
Every Major Food Deserves Such an Outstanding Treatment
Lots of High Quality Bang for Your Buck in this Book
Fun series with good recipes and lots of annoying aspects
Dangerously Enticing Resource for Fine French Meals
Gives you what you expect. Nothing More. Others are Better
Classic Addition to the Understanding of Fine Food
An excellent resource for family dining.
A delightful looking book. Works less well as a cookbook
A fairly good book on Tuscan Cuisine
Simple, Safe, Authoritative, and Healty. Hard to Beat that.
Scientific Support for Traditional Diets. Wonderful
The Golden (sic) Book of Italian Cooking.
Heartwarming Letters from the Amish. A Good Read
Not the best book, but certainly some of the best recipes
Encyclopedic Authority on Cold Food Prep and Service
A True Baking Treasure. Very Professional.
Gentle Evocation of Sicilian Life and Food. Please Buy
The First Baking Book You Should Buy
More Recipes Easily Prepared at Home. Many Leftovers
Careful selection of durable recipes. Good first cookbook
Good for what ails you, and tasty too
Engaging Source for Italian Menus and Food.
A Classic, Martha at her best.
Very good survey of baking. Not as authoritative as expected
Good Source of Simple Recipes for the Rest of Us
Seriously Fun Book for Cooking Up Entertaining Menus
First Rate Explanation of Chocolate Mysteries and Recipes
Essential Reference for Making Meat More Interesting
Warm Book of Good Recipes in Helpful Menus for Home
A must read for foodies
Revealing Look at the Life of the American Culinary Icon
An Extra Virgin Reference of Superb Artisinal Advice
An Appealing, Earnest Book of Southern Recipes.
Very good book on wok cookery, but not the best
Prescriptions for Easy, Flavorful, and Fatty Meals
Colcannon, Pierogies, Vichysoisse, and Samosas oh my
Lush Culinary Metaphors Gush Love about Food
Good Book by Worthy Author. Worth Considering
Excellent introduction to Chinese Techniques
A Heartwarming Book, Very Worthy of its Small Subject
An Important Book on French Cuisine, Alton Brown prototype
Thoughtful, Informative, Delicious, Doable Desserts.
Classic Mario, just not enough to meet expectations
Rich Field of Culinary Controversy and Technique
More than a Cookbook, not quite a Classic
Wolfgang Delivers More Than I Expect. Sound Cooking
Chef's Sampler Menu of Some of our Best Chefs
A Rich Sampler of Pan American Cuisines
A Professional Chef and Successful Communicator
A dispatch from the International Food Central
A Bible for the Home, but not for the Seminary
Charming Picture of Life and Food on Carolina Coast Island
Old School Cooking from an Old School teacher
Ambitious Documentary on Women and Food in America
Literate Fountainhead of Much Culinary Writing
An Attractive Picture Book and Advertisement with Recipes
Honest Picture of Polynesian Food. Not exactly haute cuisine
An excellent collection of home recipes by a leading chef.
Remedy for standing in line for 3 hours at Bay Bread
Quinces and Gravensteins and Rhubarb, oh my
A Great Source of Good Dishes for Everyday Cooks
Another Life in the French Kitchen
Reflections on America's Culinary Philosopher King
A Great Big Collection of Published Recipes. Nothing Else
A  Useful Book for Entertaining with Food and Wine
Superior Access to an Increasingly Important Cuisine
Easily Made Southern Comfort Desserts, Achingly Sweet
A Feast for the Mycophyle and the Mycophagist
Shootout in the Forum. Two excellent Books at the Same Time
Shootout in the Forum. Two excellent books. One Winner
Ducks, Ducks, Ducks, Ducks, Ducks
A More Sophisticated Church Fund Raising Cookbook
Genuine Venetian Cuisine, Worthy of the Hype
A search for Pizza Perfection, and how you may achieve it
First Book by the World Class Culinary Writer. A classic
Rare Intelligence, Well Told, by a Major Food Writer
A Candidate for the only cookbook you really need category
Essay on Professional Culinary Thinking. A foodie delight
A Decent Book on Middle Eastern, Primarily Arabic Cuisine
Turkish, Arabic, and Iranian Food, Well Represented
A Rare Book on Strategies and Great Common Sense
Salmon, Dill, Mustard, Glogg, and More Salmon. Very Delish
Great Food, Poor presentation and organization
Culinary Atlas of Arab, Persian, Berber, and Ottoman Worlds
Excellent Recipes for American Cookies. No Patissere Here!
An Importantly Useful Source of Easy, Tasty Dishes
A Superior Resource for Cuban Family Meals and Spirits
Raw Preparations Brasserie Style
A Fountainhead of Modern American Cuisine
Coq au Vin, Cassoulet, Steak Frites, and Pot au Feu... again
Very Good Versions of Standards All Very Accessible
Wisdom for the Everyday Cook at a very good price
Very good recipes, especially well suited for the home cook
A Worthy Contribution to Culinary History
AB as Captain Cook,the Explorer and Mapmaker
Good Advice for any professional. Pure gold for Chefs
Caveat Emptor - High quality material for a select audience
Northern Italian Cuisine from the PBS show
Strudel and Goulash and Schnitzel Oh My
Comforting Food from Italian Genius and American Wealth
La Cuchina de Italia from top to bottom
Peasant Cuisine from Europe's Crossroads
Sweet Memories of Austria
Enjoy Cooking and Family in Busy Households
Graduate Level Courses on Prima Materia
Good Recipes for Cooking Ahead. Limited Variety
Food, Gardening, and Inspiration wrapped up in one book
Lights Up the Mysteries of Bread Baking
In Search of Xian
Provocative Culinary Scholarship and Opinion
Good Food for Busy People
A Culinary Reference of the First Order
A look inside the head of a very good chef..
Pizzas and Empenadas and Canapes, oh my
A Great Focus on Basics
Simple Pleasures
Good Eats on the Double
A very good thing
Very Good Meals, Well Presented
The Reputation for Service Extends to Value in the Writing
A Good Restaurant Cookbook, still a bit undercooked
More of the same with extra spice in the pics
A Classic Author on his Adopted Speciality
Mexican Cuisine Gets a Brilliant Presentation
An American Master Epicure Shares His Roots
Easy Access to Good Food
A Fresh New Perspective on Home Cooking
A new dimension for epicurean excellence
Reflections and Revelations on France and French Food
Good content, difficult to get at
Superior Recipes at a Superior Value, but not Classic
Long Live Julia Child
An Atlas for Baking Techniques
The Politics and Economics of Olives and Olive Oil
A new classic from a distinguished author
The Classic American Cuisine
A delightful tray of bon mots
Sweet Eats
Too Expensive, for too small a portion
A Light, Exquisite Dinner. Not too sweet and not too tart.
What is on a California dish?
Good New Recipes, Mostly New Versions of Classics
A Culinary Inspiration
These are Quality Recipes for Good Cooks
Do Not Buy This Book Without Looking at a Copy!
This is not a book. Do not buy it.
Fine Tune your Kitchen and add fun to your cooking
