HIGHLY RECOMMENDED....
FLIP SIDE
NICE STORY, GREAT CHARACTERS AND....
absolutely delightful
ZEBRA'S ON THE RIGHT TRACK........
Civil war era written with raw emotions. Excellent
An early, excellent leigh greenwood
Not O'Banyons best effort.
Gaelen Foley, a wonderful writer, missed the mark here.
better the second time.......
not a elizabeth thornton fan
Civil war era romance
Oldie but goodie......fairly unique........
nothing special
Sweet, enjoyable.....good.for teenagers
Not enamored of this one.......
Possibilities that never went anywhere.
A female robin hood ............
Talk about redundant........
Am just re reading this and.............
No problem giving this keeper a 5*.......
Not Canham's best effort
Wonderful
delightful....
What a waste
Unique and touching
The other reviews are true BUT
inspirational western reflects faith, hope and charity
ABSOLUTELY  INCREDIBLE
A wonderful family epic
Gayle callen has written some wonderful books BUT
If I had read reviews first, I would have skipped this one.
Very difficult to review
Beautiful, well written christian story
absolutely delightful
disappointing
a contemporary blend of city and ranch life in oklaholma
Light, quick harlequin but wonderful just the same
an easy read
great storyline
Spanning the great divide!
Missed potential
Both books are wonderful
well done, ann
Not her best work
Contemporary contrivance.
I was determined not to like this book.....................
excellent
multifacited,woven plots
Expected more....
Wonderful book, terrible cover!
very enjoyable
A real life story and a keeper
Absolutely delightful western
Not a keeper but cute
Really enjoyable read with wonderful characters
Couldn't finish it......
Excellent post civil war western
Excellent characters, great story........
THE COVER IS A 10****...........
Disappointing.
Unique
Great civil war history but....
Excellent
A DIFFICULT, TEDIOUS READ
A CLIFFHANGER ENDING MAKES IT UNIQUE
an ok read but not a keeper for me
Not a keeper on my shelf.......
Not Susan Grace's best effort
Jo Goodman does it again....
The McClellans are worth reading over and over......
Everything but a worthy heroine.......
Wonderful
Absolutely wonderful............
The "rogues" are always studs.......
3 handsome, troubled heroes that u like to love but......
Not Jodi's Thomas's best....
A sweet story
This one has everything.......Heath at her best!
Typical regency, below average but cute dialogue
Not a keeper but enjoyable.
Wonderful dialogue, great characters, but.......
More or less typicial regency....slightly new plot
Great characters and writing.....plot pretty usual
Wish there were a 6*......
TERRIBLY DISAPPOINTING.
Difficult to review.......
an enjoyable read with wonderful characters
Wonderful
A HARLEQUIN-ESQUE STANDARD WESTERN
Cute, run of the mill western.
Enjoyable but fairly routine plot.
no thanks.......
Hate to rain on the parade but......
A real keeper
An incredible sequel to the wonderful 'Destiny's lady'
Plot 5,  Yokel dialogue 1, Characters 4
I hate to be a spoilsport but...
Plot started well but story bogged down with tedious sex
Terrible.
a nice little western.......
An ok read from a new writer but not worth the $ or search..
absolutely wonderful...
Absolutely wonderful.........you'll love it.
actually more of a  3+/ 4-......
excellent. excellent. excellent.........................
Absolutely wonderful! A keeper for sure.
Very unusual.....kind of a regency - cw historical in one...
A GOOD START AND POTENTIALLY GREAT PLOT, BUT.....
enjoyable read with unique story line.....
What a waste.
This is an early book by smith, recently re-published.
an okay read if you love animals. Not for my keeper shelf.
couoldn't make it past chapter 5.......
ABSOLUTELY A  KEEPER
Did I read the same book?
enjoyable read.
NOT THE BEST CATES BOOK BY FAR
EXPECTED IT TO BE BETTER
book 3 of a wonderful pat potter trilogy......
The best of the "star" trilogy.......wonderful.
Ana Leigh is wonderful but this isn't one of her best!
Another Potter great.
MORE THAN A WESTERN ROMANCE
Enjoyable read. Not a keeper
Heartwarming story.
I loved this story EXCEPT
Almost didn't buy this. So glad I did!
Ana Leigh has a way with words!!
One of the worst books I've ever read!
It's much more than a 5*
Better than "sommersby".
One of the best books I've ever read!
Started well but died on the high seas.
The title does this story an injustice.
Very disappointing.
Enjoyable read. Probably more a 3+.
Absolutely excellent.
Enjoyable read. Probably a 3+.
Delightful fun.
Disappointing.
A waste of time and money.
This is  a difficult book to review!
Definitely not her best book, but an ok one time read.
Totally disagree with first review.
Book 2 in an awesome trilogy.
The beginning book of an awesome trilogy.
Book 3 of this awesome trilogy.
Only persistence kept me reading this one.
Wonderful read set during the american revolution.
A different western with civil war era issues.
My least favorite of the Delaney brothers trilogy.
Wonderful as far as it went!  BUT....
Unknown author, unusual title  = rare gem!
An unusual story with wonderful characters.
Very disappointing.
Not JJ's best.
Actually it's a 6*......really delightful.
The best of Enoch's Lessons in Love trilogy.
The absolute worst book I've ever read.
Short, quick read
Another wonderful KC book.
Not Connie Mason's usual awesome fare!
Enjoyable, witty historical.
Absolutely wonderful.
Terrible.
Excellent read.
Very slow going.
An enjoyable read...almost a 4
Another JJ delightful read.
A little slow starting but enjoyable.
Disappointed by this LLM story.
The last in the captive heart trilogy and worth waiting for.
Absolutely wonderful.
Buying &quot;Linda Howard&quot; is almost a guaranteed good read.
A most unusual story line. Extremely well written.
Very disappointing sequel.
A hero to die for! And a lady who deserves him.
The last bk of the blackthorne-creed trilogy!
A contempory western filled with twists, turns and emotions.
Nearly a 6!  Great job, Joan.
Very enjoyable post civil war era romance.
Not the usual Karyn Monk thrill.
This book dragged on.
The title absolutely does not reflect the story!!!!!!
On a scale of 1-10, it'd be a 10!!
Connie Mason does it all......again and again.
Read the original &quot;Chances are&quot; and it was a 6**
Another Robin Hatcher winner. Easily a 5+...
Complex love story with twists.
Just your average western.......
An ok read but fell short of its' great potential!
Actually a 1 rating is too high.
Not Connie Mason's best although very good.
My first Cates book but not my last/
I can understand why the ratings very...
I love men in uniform........
On a scale of 1-5 this book is a 10 !
An ok read, nothing special.
Another perspective.
Not your usual regency fare!
Ths plot seemed great. Certainly different.......but
Better than the Horse Whisperer.........
Very different than what I expected. Really great!!
I love stories written in and around the civil war era.
Not just for the holidays!
A disappointment.
I have seen another person rate this a 5.......but not me!
Terrific writing and wonderfully different story line.
Enjoyable western.
Really wonderful !
Easily a 10!
Delightful but fairly standard plot.
janelle taylor is wonderful but this falls a little short.
This was sequel to &quot;texas love song&quot;.
A very difficult book to rate.
Very disappointed.
Absolutely delightful.
yuk.
Totally agree with the above reviewer.
Wow. The reviews written here are each so different! But....
Read the &quot;outlaw&quot; and the next book &quot;the lawman&quot; in 2 days.
Wish I could rate this a 10*. It deserves it!
A different story line, very creative and good writing.
A book with everything.
Beautiful, likeable, spunky heroine ..........,
Vivid characters and Ever evolving storyline.
A silhouette romance, 174 pages, one inch book. fast read.
Bobbi Smith has never written a book you couldn't enjoy. But
A very unique storyline with wonderful characters.
The Mackenzie books are all an enjoyable read.
Wish I could give it a 10....
Really unique! Very, very different but enjoyable.
&quot;WANTED' something different and potter gave us this one!
Big disappointment!
Wonderful! Delightful! I smiled a lot..
Couldn't believe this was a rosanne bittner book. yuk!
Huge disappointment!
I wish the rating system went above 5*'s..........awesome bk
Wonderful characters, great story line. A don't miss bk!
An absolutely wonderful 2 book saga about 2 sisters...
Not my favorite JB book.
Cute bur  predictable. Having trouble finishing it because .
This was absolutely excellent.
I must have read something different than these reviewers.
After 140 pages, I gave up.
A typical bobbi smith delight.
This is my least favorite bk of the Rock Creek series.
Another Bobbi Smith delight.
Wonderful characters with a great story>
This was a huge disappointment.
Not   your run of the mill story line.
An okay contemporary story. I expected much more from NR.
Another connie mason success!
The rock creek 6 really &quot;rock&quot;! Incredible series LH and LD.
ABSOLUTELY wonderful. Cade must be Rhett Butler's brother!
The absolute best if the &quot;Outlaw&quot; trilogy. I loved it!
Connie Mason continues to be a stellar author.
Purchased this book because of HK review above.
A unique plot. &quot;Sommersby&quot; with amnesia.
L Handeland writes wonderfully and this is great..
I read this because of the reviews and was disappointed.
Wish there was a 6 * rating.......
Absolutely wonderful!
I wish I could give this a 4-. It had potentional to be a 5*
Wonder if we're all reviewing the same book!
A typical little harlequin romance. Nothing special.
Nate's my favorite then Reese! Cash is hard to bond to. ...
I was very disappointed in this book.
An incredible waste of (my)time and (the) author's talent.
The first of the Rock Creek 6 is Reese, a real hunk.
I wish I could give this a 7 !!
An enjoyable read with an important insight.
Who wouldn't enjoy seeing the evolution of male friendship?
An original premise which improves with later chapters.
Beware of reviews!
Third is not a charm!
an excellent sea faring swashbuckler!
An exciting, original story with wonderful characters.
Disappointing!!
An unexpected delight.
A very different story line makes for an enjoyable read.
A cast of thousands made this book a challenge.
The hero is prettier than the heroine. He calls her &quot;mouse&quot;
What a waste!
A Delightful, easy read with likeable characters.
One readers delight is another readers disappointment!
This is my first Mary Balogh and it was delightful.
Post civil war, western saga......
Not for my keeper shelf.
For fan of Civil war historicals, this is wonderful!
Another wonderful heather graham book.
Definitely not the best of this wonderful trilogy.
The only thing good about this book is the cover!
Not a keeper for me.
Wish there were a 6 star rating!
Every once in a while you strike gold!
Truly delightful civil war historical.
Another great civil war romance by CS.
Wonderful civil war historical.
A reluctant fan meets reluctant suitor.
One of Sandra Browns best books!
Post civil war Vickburg
Sandra Brown is definitely one of the best!
Wonderful pre civil war era historical.
A wonderful sequel to Sunset Embrace.
A hero to die for!
Wonderful trilogy...
Save your money.
absolutely excellent.
Absolutely excellent! A pageturner.
An ok read.
White rose was the best of the white flower trilogy.
This first book of the white flower triology was the weakest
absolutely wonderful
one wore blue, one wore gray and one road west
a perfect 10...
This was a wonderful book.
A must read........I loved it.
