wealth of information
what is the price of being Queen of the Universe?
FINALLY!!!
another delightful tale from Ms. Sands
good anthology
Brava!!! for first time writer Mullany!
Lynn's third time is a charmer
a wealth of information
great resource
Lucern's little sister finally gets her turn!
Delightful Scottish Saga - 2004 Laurie Winner for Best Historical
The Lutin Menace is back!
a talent on the rise!
erotica at top form
Dead Bang Perfect!
another super that is a must for writers of the period
A must for researchers and writers of historical fiction
A wonderful talent with an enchanting tale!
the perfect title for this bit of self-indulgent madness
charming tales from 3 top flight paranormal writers
checker flag for Britton
great price for two great books
A little pricey, but worth it
gritty, vivid, unforgettable
brilliant legal work for Stephenson in knock out tale!
another wickled delicious tale from Bangs
A delightful tale from a talented writer
4th Celta is pure brilliance!
a must for Victorian age writers
marvelous resource for Victorian writers
super resource for writers
a good introduction to Gypsies 101
Pure fire from Spanger
Spangler delivers pure magic
excellent tale of a Lady warrior
a quirky, delightfully fun read
brilliant writing from a marvelous talent
Leto delivers FIRE!
dazzling, brilliant from start to finish
what an absolute gem!
delightfully quirky debut from a fun writer
a charming romantic comedy
Sassy fun tale from Moore
quirky Civil-Brown tale is fun romp
Och, Nessie ate my homework!
another sizzling tale from red-hot  writer Knight
another dragon...hum..wyvern tale that delights!
a Regency romp with flair from first time writer Galen
a ghost, giggles and a sexy tale from talented Fitzpatrick
charming debut for McFalls
a delightful medieval tale of Merry Ole England
a dead-bang funny book!
Breathtaking!
Stuart dazzles again!
something to sink your fangs into!
nice giftie for your friend
endlessly valuable
Pure Tolkien!
easy lessons for Scots language
Second great book from Jensen this month!
great trip planner
a long awaited Jensen gem!
brilliant techno-thriller from dazzling Nance!
sizzling, sexy, suspense
enjoyable
brillant debut book!
Nina Bangs delights again!
C.J. Barry is back and unmasks a brilliant tale!
Jackson conjures fire is divine indeed!
great fun for word origins
wonderful resource
wonderful new series from a writer with "Heart"
one of the best Scottish romances
a howling good time!
Too beautiful to use!
worthy every penny!
absolutely brilliant!
first person POV taints a great book for me
a magical tale from a talented writer
they throw out the rule book and dazzle us!
saddle up for a great Western!
rousing Viking saga
One of the brighest writers in Romance today!
another delightful Katie howl!
great reference for writers of historical fiction
delightful golden Stephanie James oldie
delightfully original slant on a princely tale
what a marvelous resource
a great work made better
Best JAK this decade!
slam-bang ending to the 2176 series!
startling information presented in biased light
wonderful!!
O'Shea proves with her second book she's here to stay!
delightfully Lynsay all the way!
The Carrington duo delivers another winner!
brilliant work from the genius of Holly
fun fun read
great resource book for writers and graphic artists
a must for xmas graphics and personal projects
a strong tale from talented Kane
flawless Multi-POV makes this brilliantly spellbinding
interesting, but dating hurts it
worth every penny
angels angels and more angels
Stunning graphics
Rothwell's second novel is wonderful!
enjoyable but dated
sadly dated
off balance
fast pace read
great fun
dated with a hero, sorry, that is slight violent
not enough romance, mystery or plot
always brilliant
seamless Multi-POV in one hot suspense tale
a chilling Gothic
flawless Multi-POV makes this a Howard masterpiece
sadly dated
enjoyable paranormal tale from Brant
Graham proves she remembers the romance!
pace changing tale
4 very early Nora tales that are outstanding
a nifty little murder mystery
ARGH!!!!!!!! Reprint Alert!
a delight period romance
a wonderful Halloween romance
beautiful writing in a heart touching story
Absolutely the best!
Emma Holly at her very best!
high priced retreads
Graham is a super talent to watch
Halloween Tale strong in lore
outstanding historical fiction!
delightful tale from JAK
Spangler shines in this her best tale!
Ferreralla strong as usual
Mills is pure Magic
a change of pace for the dynamic duo of Romance
Amazon is giving incorrect information
good writing despite bad logic and plot holes
Stuart's best Historical Romance
simply brilliant from the Resident Genius of Romance
a superb read by Stuart
one great book from a very talented writer
one of Jackson's best works!
two super intertwined tales
A witty delightful tale
reprint alert!
a paranormal tale way ahead of the pack
paranormal brilliance from JAK
a very enjoyable JAK
a wonderful first novel!
nifty old Dark House tale
an anthology with bite!!
A rocking good vamp tale
a beautiful book on Lewis and Harris Scotland
Buried treasure and a sexy pirate with an eye patch!  Magic!
One of the most brilliant voices in Paranormal Romance today
excellent reference!
A masterpiece about the Isle of Lewis
Robin's best Heart book!
The Carringtons at their very best!
sequel to the brillant Catspaw
the resident genius of romance at her best
A lighter, fun Stuart novel
This book bites!  Yee-Ha Cowboy vampires!
The Goblins are back in Jackson's 4th tale
beautiful book on a wonderful Island
Sizzle, Pow, WOW!!  The Carringtons at their best!
a little something for everyone
a marvellous work on the Sword and it's impact
good work but typos?? hurt
A brilliant Medieval from the resident genius of romance
chilling paranormal tale perfect for hot summer afternoon
a wonderful modern day &quot;fable&quot;
Melrose &amp; Jury - done with Panache by Curry
Curry and Grimes are magic!
13th Grimes mystery read with panache by Curry
Curry and Grimes a winning combination
Sheer witty fun!
the very first Melrose and Plant mystery
a delightful book of history and lore of New York area
brilliant Stuart magic in an old Gothic Regency
A fast pace tale to delight teens
another super work by Revai
early Stuart gothic is amazing!
Leto's brilliance shines!
Sizzling Summer Perfection!
quickie read, good writing, not much substance
Did you say Katie Macasliter who?
another strong Stuart story
Katie's back with another witty tale!
A wintery tale of witches to warm your heart
a delightful Regency tale from master storyteller Stuart
delightfully charm collection of tales about life in Dublin
A very exciting premise's potential unrealized
a beautiful masterpiece - Stuart all they way!
delightful late Victorian mystery romance
JAK funtime
Stuart is like fine wine!
Stuart at her dazzling best - as always!
a magical Medeiros medieval tale!
A great golden oldie from Jayne Ann Krentz
super golden oldie JAK
a delightful Stuart tale
mesermizing, haunting, unforgettable, Stuart at her best!
Another Stuart gem
A delightful tale from a wonderful writer
Engaging writer with shaky premise and execution
Gelach continues her moving sage from Thorns!
How do I love Anne Stuart...let me count the whys....
Gelach is a true storyteller
Canadian authors brings 3rd in series of Vamps
What do they feed Anne Stuart?  Genius at work!
Stuart gives you much ado with panache!
A delightful new voice in Romance
Anne Stuart is amazing!
reprints but well worth it if you missed them!
a marvelous book
One super groups of super sexy tales
Stuart dances in the flames!
Liz shows she rocks with the best of them!
Mills shines once again....
engaging light read, but not sparkling
Stuart weaves magic!
Very satisfying read!
boy do I understand!  Ouch!
yo ho ho and a bottle of fun!
slick, tense mystery
a savvy mystery, with strong writing
life saving
great book for kids!
solid information for people with this problem
well done but redundant??
historical fiction with &eacute;lan!
funny and makes a point...but not good teaching book
the power of belief from a gifted author
interesting mystery
amazing book, high recommended
Pure Jackson Perfection
Secrets scores again
less than JD's usual sparkle
Barry just gets better and better
beam me up adventure on a grand scale!
nifty little mystery
great start to the Redstone series
satisfying Jackson reprint
breathtaking flight across of futuristic planet!
Secrets scores again
Jenna does it time and again!
engaging story
brilliant sizzling romance
Jenna Mills dances in fire!
Jenna Mill's pens magic
a master stroke of writing
rousing adventure that is breathtaking!
wicked fun from a talented writer
Delightful fun, from a talented writer
delight start to the Lear Sisters
2nd in the series is even more delightful
does not gel
meddle grandparents know best
Kinsale is back with a dark powerful tale! 2005 RITA Winner
Super collection of Scottish Songs
delightful read
very old fashion romance done well
Flanders books needs reprinting
These need reprinting!!
Flanders books needs reprinting!
A quirky, warm holiday tale!
Katie continues to tromp through the Vamps!
They're back and "goblin" the Big Easy!
A sparkling new voice in romance
Jayne Ann brilliant off-world romp!
Very thrilling Grail tale!!
promising tale, undermining with flaws
Refreshingly original!
A very deft handling
Spangler shines!
A marvelously wonderful introduction to all you need to know
A Keeper, I trouble you not!
very enjoyable Regency Cinderella
a very neat Time-Travel
a brilliant new Trilogy from master storyteller Feather
A very lovely &quot; turn of the screw&quot;
Three tales sure to win your heart!
strong American period drama
Another of Moore's solid works
Nina score another Bang!
Dead Bang on Target!
Dreams do come true...if you only believe enough
sigh...end to a weak trilogy
Brilliant Gothic Vamp Tale
without peer
Party-on down, Cheri!!
lighter Light and Shadow - not enough romance or mystery
a winning first time book!
Amazon Romance book of the year???
what a wonderful twist!
A diverting tale of wills
a wonderful fun tale!
wonderful final installment to the Riordan Trilogy
marvellous tale of Scottish Lore
A Cach Keeper!!
Ahead of it's time!
storytelling as it should be
a super Scottish tale!
Another outstanding tale from King
just missed...but still electric read
another super tale from Shannon!
Paranormal Romance at it's Best
bang-on paranormal tale by talented writer
A &quot;howling&quot; great time!!
not as perfect as Heaven Sent, but still a Super Read
the best of it's kind!
another just miss from Jordan, but still a great read!
ambitious, expansive, yet ultimately a wee let down
Another engaging tale from a solid writer
No one like him! Wonderful Tribute to the Master of Menace
a must for writers of the period or people wanting a source
what is the Ideal husband??? hum...cracking good tale!
another of Barber's excellent works
much loved book that is hinge-pin for all Grail Lore
another amazing work from Pyle
wonderful work on Edward I and Wales
nice little historical who dun it!  utterly brilliant work
Great resource on the Grail Lore
Super book on Anti-Norman rebelling a forgotten hero
nice work on the royal kiddos who lacked the name and power
a grim, thorough work on the Black Death
nifty reference to from Edward I to Richard III
The peculiar life and death of Edward II of England
A superb reference for smithing and for writers wanting info
one of Pyle's amazing works
London's past comes alive
wonderful resource on The Bruce and James Douglas
En Garde, Ladies!!
a wee tiny book of toasts for all occasions
Listen up Guys - THE PERFECT gift to show you love her!
another on target book by Nick Evangelista
Simply Amazing!!  Outstanding work on LOTR films
a super mystery and romance!
Marvellous item for your Rings fan!!
A super book for idiots wanting to do this stuff!
16 months of the Two Towers
Absolute must for Ring Addicts!!
Have the Rings for 16 month!!
They're BACK!!!
a very personal account that helps us understand
handy reference for fencers and writers
super book on fencing is a must for anyone interested
Just what you need
Another of Evangelista's super works!
nifty reference for horror films
Katie goes a vampire hunting with hysterical results!!
For Rings fans looking for the roots
amazing! a must!
Great reference for the novice
Wonderful start to learn HTML
Look out for the kitty in a life preserver!!
A very worthwhile book on military Scotland
A Nifty book on riddles of Britain
2nd in Lynsay's hit vampire series!
Barry continues to SHINE!
A very interesting resource for writers
Good resource for writers, but....
Amazing seductive book!
Robin and Her FamKitty shine brilliant in another Celta tale
With her improper English takes on men in skirts!!
scary, edgy, dark....and brilliant!!
Four very warm and fuzzy vamp tales
very good, though wee bit dated
yo ho ho and stiff upper lip!!
A quickie look at Brit Slang
A Saga with style
Katie takes on teendom and all its angst!!
The second is books about twin sister sizzles!
Utterly brilliant, side splitting, sexy romp!
You will gobble up Melanie's First Goblins! Book
Leto sparkles in the first of two books on twins!
an area of much neglected Scottish history
Brent scores again with this 'all family' tale.
Outstanding romance, outsanding Sci-Fi
Kathleen Dazzles and Delights!!
an amazing man!  so missed!
Leto's burns the pages in this sexy romp!
Katie shows she is a force!!
3 Sexy, romantic vampire tales!
A kiss to live for!
utterly charming, romantic tales!
Spy vs Spy in a laugh riot parabody of Bond Books!
Tranter weaves his very special Highland magick!
One of the Best of Irish Eyes series
marvellous reference on heraldry and regalia thorugh time
amazing resource on the evolution of swords
An excellent introduction on Highland lore
A Sweet first time book!!  Way to go Pamela!!
reprints but well worth it!!
Life getting you down??? Take to aspirins and this book!
Anne Rice at her best!
Sandra goes scores a bullseye!
Julie is at it again!!
Another solid JAK gem!!
Excellent source for Celt names
Even better than Volume 1!!
A fascinating Orwellian dragnet for a killer
One of the Best Romances I have EVER read!!!
A much used reference
A lovely gift for those interested in Scotland
just what the writter needs!
An absorbing study of a man driven
Excellent Reference work on Feudal Coats for Arms
Great entertainment value
Excellent concentration on Forrest's campaigns
A superior look at Lee
A Wealth of Information and Photos
One of JAK quirky best!
marvellous works on the Civil War
A Close-up view of Bedford Forrest
Absolutely the best writer on the American Civil War
JAK on top again!!
A moving story of men and war
Astounding prequel to father's Killer Angels!
What a masterpiece of lore!
fun, but not her best
REPRINT Alert - but WOW what a reprint!! JAK at her best!
JAK at her BEST!!
Second in the  B.L.I.S.S is a must!
Super kick off to the B.L.I.S.S SERIES
Always is a MUST
Lynsay's debut into Romance was a knockout
She holds the "Key" to his heart!!
A batlle of the sexes - medieval style!!,
Well, Lynsay is back with another delightful tell.
A wonderful first book from Ashley!!
Another of Stuart's Dance with the Devil bad boy
A wonderful touching tale
Leto's shines and her characters burn
Putney's best!!
Outstanding! Breathtaking!!
a super duo of JAK off world tales!!
A wonderfully delightful tale!!
Another Delightful tale from Winnie!!!!
A wonderful, touching story!!
Absolutely the best!!
WOW!!  Leto dazzles us again!!!!!!!!!!!
Very engrossing read
One of my favourite JAKs!!
A Wonderful Tale!!
My most favourite JAK novel!!!
McShane's voice is perfect for this narration
very enjoyable read
Side Split howl of a mystery!!
Another solid work by Leto!!
a wonderfully magickal medieval
Case Closed - NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
richly details history of Wallace and his rising
A Marvellous tale of one woman's fight for pride!!
Leto is a shining new voice in Romance!!
interesting for people searching for Scottish lore
Leto SHINES!!
Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum!!!
Interesting look at the other side of the coin
Interesting look at the other side of the coin
very interesting for people looking for lore of Scotland
Lively oldie for JAK!
An excellent work on William Wallace
Nifty references for major battles in Scotland
excellent work on the Picts and Scots
A deeply moving, realistic saga!!  Brilliant!!
a more readable version of Blind Harry
Another superb work from Sutherland
a must for those Studying William Wallace
third in a series is the best
a very intering work
One of Stuart's Best!!
a fun read
Dain not only burns, she shines!!
A Wonderful Medieval from the Talented Deauxville!
JAK's worst
very good quick reference for the pocket user
Excellent work centring on the trial of the Templars
Nance at her Best!!!!!!!!!
One of the BEST Contemporary romances!!
Coulter's Best!!
excellent work on the period
Powerful writing, yet ultimately frustrating.......
Typically JAK - great fun!
Excellent reference work
super tales and another Knight gem
steaming stories and one PERFECT gem!!
Nora Robert scores big with this contemporary Suspense.
Dark intense thriller!
A chilling, thrilling romance,
a wonderful xmas gift
very enjoyable
One of JAK's BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nice beach reading
Brilliant writing and Brilliant reading!
BEAM ME DOWN, SCOTTIE!!
Absolutely, Positively one of JAK's Best!!
wonderful, strange, depressing and funny
companion guide to Burn's works
One of the best!!  A MUST READ Medieval!!
An Perfect Delight!!!  A Keeper!!!
ANOTHER REPRINT!!!!!!!!!
A WONDERFUL TALE!!
excellent study of Edward and why he failed
uneven, but an enjoyable read
An Absolutely Masterpiece!
A Delightful witty send up of The Old Dark House
A Delightful homage of the Invisible Man!!
Kathleen conjures another delightful tale!!
Another of Stuart's dark tormented heroes!!
The Lighter side of Anne Stuart!!  What gems!!
a reviews nightmare??? mayne not...lol
enjoyable reprint
A gentle Holiday Tale
A delightful tribute to the Maltese Falcon
One of Dodd's Best
writing a romance, read this FIRST!!
for pure facts not fiction
definitive book for the history of Wales
excellent worse on the castle and its purpose
a must for historical writers or costumers
very thorough reference on the Ripper murders
a look into life in the Middle Ages
an excellent review by a Scotland Yard Detective
One of the best works on the Ripper
Mills crafts a SUPER tale!!
pleasant tale
nice collection of reprints
a very comprehensive work
Virtual delight!!
for those who want a more in-depth studies of Scotland
enjoyable, but also a pain
Power of  Love loses its power!!
a must for historical or mystery writers!!
4 Super Halloween Tales
A Marriage of Convenience is not Convenient
nothing very original, but a good collection of works
a wonderful treasure trove for historians and writers
really did not care for the female lead
Another JAK reprint that is right on target!!!
an excellent work on Celtic diversity
Another Stuart Delight!!!
a wee visit  to Scotland from your arm chair
a fun read!
reprints but well worth it!!
If you are interested in the Clans, this is a MUST!!
OH wow....where to start  :-(
very enjoyable read
A wonderful work!!
Utterly Charming!
Just too contrived
a provoking book that pushes the boundaries
Another dark torment heroes!!
Stuart just keeps turning out these gems!!
Echoes of Moonrise!!
A good girl turned better romp!!
One of Howard's Best
Howard Best - in a 2 for 1 What a Deal!!
A balance view of Clan Bruce's Rise to Power
Another 10 from Stuart!!!!!!!!
A perfect 10!
another Stuart masterpiece!
THREE STORIES that are super!
Another of Stuart's Dark Lovers you cannot resist!!
Three super books in ONE!
Very nice touch!
3 Stuart!!  A Triple Delight!!
a haunting tale of love and redemption
a very ununusual book on stone circles
Feehan's best!!
Lynsay's most delightful book yet!!!!!!
A duo of old Stephanie James
Anne craft's her magick again!!
A spine tingling ghost storie that makes you believe
A wonderful source of tidbit for history writers!!!
very solid course for learning Irish Gaelic
Excellent quick reference and introdution to Hebs
Scottish Tales sure to please
GRRRRRRRRR Another reprint!!!!!!!
cute, engaging!!!!
great story!!!!!!
pleasant, charming going home
intended for teaching use, but a great help to writers
Excellent resource for historical writers
What an utter, charming delight!!
Another Jensen Jewel!!!
a delight for an aquired taste!!
excellent helper
a writers must!!
very dated I fear!!
A must for anyone interested in stone circles
A super find for anyone interest in Castle and medieval life
My Favourite Stewart novel!!
very basic
An overlooked Gem!!
sorry this really left me cold
a serious, profound work on the Templars
a nice quick read
thought provoking!
an amazing read!!
Too quick to flesh out this idea
excellent look into Longshanks' life
A wee quickie on Wallace that delivers
super text for Castle basics!!
another superb work by Sutherland!
very useful Gaelic Dictionary
One knock-out of a book!!!
superior Scots Gaelic Dictionary
handy pocket-size that is very useful!
A little rushed but still a great read
Howard at her BEST!!!!!!!
A super Western!!
Utterly, Simply, Delightful! JAK's at her best
WOW!! What a BLAST!!!! YOU MUST READ !!
early Lynsay reprint with gorgeous new cover
Absorbing!!
A steamy murder mystery
excellent!!  Tranter makes history breathe!!
Tranter at his Best!!
Melanie's deft hand of humour, hijinx and bride hysterics!!
Squires second novel is a must read!!
Linda delivers a WOW in history/time travel
Lynsay proves she is THE writer to watch!!!
A new voice in historical drama
a sheer delight!!
This is Absolutely the Best time travel I have EVER READ!!!
Compelling!! Mesmerising!! Stuart does it again!!
Magic is what Stuart Conjures!!!!
Haunting!! Lovingly based on Noyes Poem!!
Is this madness or love??? Since its Lynsay might be both!!
A spellbinding trip into the fog where things go bump!!
Melanie Jackson delivers with a magickal touch!!!
Mesmerising, engrossing, haunting!!!
A weaving of a haunting romantic tale under a skillful hand!
The Second in the series is even better!!
The stunning series continues!!
The first is a knock out series!!!
For fan of Camelot lore these are a must!!
A great retelling of the 'red riding' story!!!
Spellbinding!!  Unforgetable!!  Howard at her best!!
Well, Mr Perfect is PERFECT!!!
Stuart once again shows she is a master!!
A tour de force!!!
Another Delightful JAK!!
utterly witty, brilliant romp that is a must!
Melaine Jackson delivers will a fey touch!!!
This one is a KEEPER!!
WOW what a super writer and premise!!
A book that I have never forgotten!!
Nance scores big with The Warrior
Lisa Jackson is a forced to recognise!!
Another Triumph for JAK
Another Stuart Gem!!
This is one great romance of fun and wit!!
Quinn is proving to be strong writer
Charming, Delightful, Funny!!
Nobody does it better than Anne Stuart!!
