A theory about the conspiracy against Hitler.
The War between Nejed and Iraq (1920-1931).
England's lost colony in the Arctic.
The fall and murder of Godfather Paul Castellano.
Charles Wilkes as a martinet.
The House of Saud of Saudi Arabia.
The loss of the Russian fleet in the Straits of Korea.
Bremen back to Germany.
The life of the Lady Lex.
The search for Prophets in Early America.
Politics and dictators in Nigeria.
Not only for women and moms.
Blue base and its war in the Pacific
British Arrogance and American employment of deserters.
The great and good R.E. Lee.
When E.F. Hutton speaks, people listen.
A little girl's recollections of the war in Bosnia.
The killing of a monster.
Israel deprives Iraq of a nuclear bomb.
Good thing Goering was on their side.
Charles the Peacemaker.
World class quality companies.
A heroic story for all ages.
The fifth estate's effect on politics.
How the world failed Rwanda.
The history of the First Afghan War.
The political side of this civil war.
The politics of the Siege of Vienna.
A Vietnamese Naval Officers War with the Communists.
How to lose a lot of money in Hollywood.
The Anglo-American War of 1812-1815.
Russian democracy and how to treat a former enemy.
Napoleon's 11 month exile on this island.
The revival of American Spirit following September 11, 2001.
The crimes of the Taliban.
Short histories of 6 of the Central American nations.
Shock and awe in Iraq.
Civil War in the Sudan in the 1880s and 1890s.
Poland between the World Wars.
Arrogance and early war tourism in Yugoslavia.
Facts and fallacies of the Battle of Britain.
How the five powers stumbled into World War One.
American History Lite
Nathan Bedford Forrest, the war criminal and cheater.
Baden Powell and the making of a legend.
Training and combat in World War II.
A survivor of the battle of Guadalcanal.
How to stop the hurt and control invalidators.
Air Battles during the Korean War.
Who screwed up at the Battle of Savo Island?
Violence and escape from the RUF in Sierra Leone.
Politics and death in Central America in the 1980s.
From Morocco to Malta to Egypt in World War II.
An overview of the Spanish-American War.
Life in neutral Turkey during WWII.
Hunley versus Housatonic.
A nice concise biography of John F. Kennedy
The story of submarines.
German cruiser warfare in World War I.
The people of Flight 93 and their impact on 9/11/2001.
French counter terrorism in Algeria.
Deregulation in the skies over America.
The Life of William Gladstone.
A liberal's view of the Pinochet dictatorship.
The experiences of those in the twin towers on 9/11/2001.
Haitians versus Dominicans on the isle of Hispaniola.
Wit and humor from our presidents.
Travel experiences in Trieste, Italy.
The strange death of John Paul I.
Hatred of Lorenzo.
The Life of the crazed assassin Tsafendas.
Arrogance and aristocracy in British India.
The story of crashed U.S. bombers in WWII England.
A C.I.A. prisoner of the Iranians.
Negotiation in life.
The unintended effects of deregulation in the airline bus.
Another hit from one of my favorite authors.
Some sketches of historical figures.
Travels in the Caucasus Mountains.
A concise history of the Civil War.
A political military history of the Yom Kippur War.
The house of cards called Enron.
A sign of the times at turn of the century Russia.
The Siege at Lucknow in 1857.
Border Cambodians fight the Vietnamese Communists.
An inside view of Napoleon's Russian Campaign.
The heroes of June 6, 1944.
Life in World War II America.
The Rise of Wilson and the Fall of Roosevelt.
The climax of World War II.
Women and children last.
Blue Star over Amritsar.
Why we went to war with Iraq in 2003.
Togo, Rozhdestvensky, and the Battle of Tsushima.
Portraits of Medal of Honor winners.
The story of the Independence of India and Pakistan.
Some very inhuman people.
The solution to terrorism.
A history of American Foreign Policy.
A nice overview of Sun and his struggles for China.
A nice introduction to the first five Arab-Israeli Wars.
Hurnard's belief on God rather than a history book.
I saw my opportunities and I took them.
The last days of the German Army.
The Murder of a President and the Rise of the Prog. Party
The start of World War One.
A story of F-105 Thuds and Bulletproof Mustaches.
The Finnish Soviet War of 1939-40.
The story of a traitor and his reasons for defecting.
The bloody crossing of the Rhine River.
Western relations with the Middle East.
Some people take the high road, and some take the low road.
Sailing the Pacific Ocean in search of Spanish ships.
A review of the Polish-Soviet War of 1919-20.
Our Call to Arms in 1941.
The Flight of the German East Asiatic Squadron.
Hang them high, they deserve it.
The Rise and Fall of Pan Am World Airlines.
The Rise of Harry Truman and the Fall of Tom Pendergast.
A history of the island the the people.
The rise of political Islam.
The emergence of the Great Power of Wall Street,
Survival in the Antarctic.
The liberation of Belarus from the Germans.
Slave resistance in the United States.
What could have been if the Arno river was tamed!
Race and politics at Ole Miss.
The failure of diplomacy before the Great War.
One man's views on liberalism and the conservative movement.
A modern fable about quality.
Gold, conspiracy, and the Japanese monarchy.
The turnover of power to the Congress.
Poland's history up to the 1980s.
A summary of Napoleon and his accomplishments at home.
One of the deadliest disasters in New York history.
The life and times of Grigori Rasputin.
An examination of the Austro-Prussian War of 1866,
Another great book from Mark Bowden.
One man's goal of honoring the 946 GI dead of Devon Beach.
A summary and pictoral history of Winston Churchill.
Some theories on how North and South developed apart.
People who knew Lincoln and how they remembered him.
The history of the Bush/Walker clan and the rise of George W
An objective look at the 2000 Presidential Contest.
Another nice read for young adults from Jim Murphy.
The story of the ship and how Captain Cooke made her famous.
The Blizzard of 1888 and the effects on the East Coast.
A young adults history of the Great Chicago Fire.
What happened to Heinrich Muller.
The last days of Hitler.
Massacre at Malmady and the life of Jochen Peiper.
Airborne all the way.
Science, modern war, and how to destroy a dam.
The rise and fall of Anwar Sadat.
The structures of empires from Greece to present.
The erection of the Berlin Wall and its fall.
Starvation and death in American and French POW camps.
The two wars between Great Britain and Manchu China.
Some explanations on the Black Plague.
The building of Santa Maria del Fiore.
The Liberty Ship Leicester and her ill fated cruise.
Discrimination in the U.S. Navy.
The 1967 fire on the U.S.S. Forrestal.
The loss of the Edmund Fitzgerald.
The election to Parliament of Lady Astor in 1919.
The French love of wine.
The loss of the S-5 and the saving the submarine crew.
More good advice on how you manage your family life.
Life and death is 1940s Lousiana.
Major problems of the 1980s.
A French reporter's view on the War in Chechnya.
A summary of the Attack on Pearl Harbor.
A summary of June 6 & 7, 1944.
The young life of Tom Brokaw.
The history of Marketing and recent developments.
The Presidency of Herbert Hoover and the rise of FDR.
Poles killing Jews in German occupied Poland.
Hitler told us exactly what he was going to do.
Germany versus Russia in WWII.
The biography of one of our greatest Presidents.
One man's journey thru the Red China of the 1980s.
An overview of the battle which ended Napleon's career.
Great pictures and rememberances of your trip to Canada.
Short stories from the Russian heartland.
How to take control of your work day and life.
Lincoln helps a  murderer get off.
Stories about the Pacific War.
Potluck at the spiritual table.
Tragedy in Boston in 1919.
Tips on how to become more valuable.
Partnering and being a change agent in the new corp.
How Eurasian societies came out on top.
The creation of Panama by Wall Street.
Forbidden knowledge or forbidden literature.
A 17 year old induction in the German Army.
Why we buy?
Family dynamics and how to deal with them.
Victories against great odds.
The failure of appeasement and the coup that wasn't.
Type A personality in a woman's basketball program.
Love and forgiveness in World War Two.
Love and resistance in World War II.
War stories from Khe Sanh.
How to state your case.
Some stories about leaders and leadership.
A general outline of the dictator Napoleon.
Japanese terrorism in World War II.
More war stories from Sarajevo.
James II attacks his support and loses his throne.
The Pilgrims and Puritans deprive the Indians of his land.
The internal politics of the Congress of Vienna.
The lifestyles or the rich and idle.
Travels in Republican Spain.
Rickenbacker's 21 days at sea.
How to confront your fears and become better.
The terror of life in Sarajevo.
The Atlantis (Raider 16) wages war on Allied shipping.
The destruction of Paraguay by the Triple Alliance.
Do as I say, not as I do.
One man's view on how to improve America.
The epic battle between the Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania.
It should say H. Goering and his Luftwaffe.
Both the Japanese and Americans were evil during WWII.
The war of attrition between the Japanese and Americans.
The German cruiser Emden against the British.
The life of Council Sousa Mendes.
The experiences of the ghost pilots of EAL 401.
The exploits of the German surface raider Moewe.
This reads similar to Tom Sawyer.
A novel about a mercenary coup de etat in Zangaro.
Good soldier Svejk and his war.
The stolen election of 1876.
A family's escape from the Japanese.
Russia's Man of Steel.
Basic rules in how to revive a business.
How to run a ship in the new U.S. Navy.
An examination of the Nigerian Civil War.
The lives of the children of Nazi leaders.
The U.S.S. Oklahoma during the Pearl Harbor raid.
Lopez and the war against Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay.
A look inside Lincoln's thinking.
People's Will versus the Russian Secret Police.
A summary history of the Battle for Okinawa.
Amatuer soldiers destroy four Axis ships in neutral Goa.
An examination of William Walker and Central America.
A journalist's view of Afghanistan during the Soviet period.
A good summary of a terrible storm.
Abe Baum and 296 other GIs go behind German lines.
An examination of the Yom Kippur War.
Ibn Saud and the founding of Saudi Arabia.
A fictionalized account of what happened to the Bismarck.
An outline history of the Cold War.
From Commodore Perry to the Tokyo Olympics.
A history of the 1953 Iranian coup.
Leftist trash talk about Pinochet and Chile.
A young adults history of the California Gold Rush.
The Spanish heritage of the Southwest.
The personal experiences of an African trip.
The technical details of the Berlin Airlift.
The fire bombing of Japanese cities during WWII.
Pinochet is evil and the streets flowed with blood.
The weak rulers of the Ottoman Empire.
A summary of the Crimean War from the military stand point.
The Turkish slaughter of the Armenians.
Victor's justice was the correct justice.
The greatest generation was not that great.
The longest short book.
An overview of the reign of the Showa Emperor.
The overblown history of the Celts.
The life and death of Admiral Yamamoto.
Washington hung young Major Andre.
Great turning points in Western history.
An informative summary of the Communist regime in Russia.
The only book I have purchased twice.
The destruction of a true paradise.
The personal pain of slavery.
A scholarly analysis of the Jewish Holocaust .
Not all heroes are good writers.
British soldiers on the Western Front in World War I.
An overview of the Weimar Republic.
A short summary of the French/British war against Russia.
Personal glimpses of Ronald Reagan.
The destruction of the Russian submarine Kursk.
A summary of the War between the Soviet Union and Finland.
Russia at the time of the Napeleonic Invasion.
Allied covert operations in Norway during World War II.
The crash of the first widebody jet.
A summary history of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
A biography of the spokesman for the militarists of Japan.
The evils of slavery from one man's perspective.
A short history of the patron saint of France.
Life as a grunt in the Vietnam War.
Life in Papa Doc's Haiti.
A short history of one of the world's main religions.
What is going to happen after the Allies conquer Germany?
Ah, the history of Robert E. Lee, I think.
The Japanese are checked in the Coral Sea.
The loss of the Lady Lex during the Battle of the Coral Sea.
The death of a German super battleship in Norway.
A black man's journey to Vietnam.
A competent short history of World War II's greatest leader.
The death of Custer at the Little Big Horn.
Jeff Davis and his commanding generals.
A reminiscence from Eisenhower's son.
Napeleon as the opportunist.
A photo history of Germany after the war.
Fundamentalists and their blasphemy of Islam.
Thirty perspectives of D-Day from those who participated.
The horrors of the German death camps.
The party is over.  Life after communism.
How the North America provicials created a new world order.
A concise summary of a great man in American history.
Essays on life in Communist Eastern Europe from a woman
Why the people of the Middle East lag behind the West.
The story of the assassins and their effect on modern life.
A battle won by  the U. S. Navy in the Solomons.
The administrative qualities of the Supreme Allied Commander
The history of a little known war in South America.
Bosnian Muslims and Croats in a Serb concentration camp.
How the British plagued the Chinese with opium.
The effects on society of Hitler and his NAZI Revolution.
The failure of the monarchy in Brazil.
Why the Renaissance matters.
The OAS versus the French and the FLN in Algeria.
The philosophy of St. Augustine.
The British put three Italian battleships out of action.
A tribute to thirteen brave firefighters.
The effects on society of the American Revolution.
Power politics in Red China during the Cultural Revolution.
The sea battles and the loss of the Netherlands East Indies.
Politics and coups in the post Trujillo Dominican Republic.
The life of an paratrooper in the invasion of Panama.
September 11 and the German connection.
Chilean aggression against Peru and Bolivia.
Chilean aggression against Peru and Bolivia.
The people and events of Anwar El-Sadat's life.
The tragic nature of war.
Amerca's participation in the Great War.
The Japanese lose a convoy on the way to Lau, New Guinea
Alternative history of what happened at Oradour, France.
The Japanese campaign in Malaya and Singapore.
A book that is supposed to be about Tungska.
The sinking of a Japanese super carrier in 1944.
An informative view of the Chinese Civil War from an Amer.
A summary of the First World War.
The sack of Hong Kong by the Japanese during WWII.
The military history of the Yom Kipper War, 1973.
A heartfelt recollection of Steinberg's life in the camps.
Mysteries explained about the Titanic.
Summaries of ten recent Presidents.
The final book of the series.
The history of the state of Nevada.
The Olympic Massacre is avenged.
A history of conflict in Afghanistan.
Israel defeats Egypt in the Sinai in 1956.
The life and death of a U. S. nuclear submarine.
A history of the Qaddafi and the Libyan Revolution.
An insightful look at how FDR edged us into World War II.
A great read on the personal experience of an Army nurse.
A short history of the Balkans.
The lives and times of five tyrants,
The diplomacy before the Franco-Prussian War of 1870.
The American Revolution in South Carolina.
a synopis of the First World War.
A Yugoslavian woman becomes a Croatian woman.
Kennedy stands tough during the Cuban Missle Crisis.
The Serbs were the victims.
Yankee come back.
How this Egyptian leader changed the Middle East.
A touching remembrance of a Jewish child's life in Slovakia.
How the Americans destroyed Cambodia.
A summary of the Civil War in Spain.
A summary of the campaign in Cuba in the Spanish-American Wa
The Nationalists win the war.
The day the Hungarian Revolution started in Budapest.
America's first Vietnam.  We won this one.
A young person's guide to the Spanish Civil War.
An illustrated history of the Spanish Civil War.
A disappointment .
The Russian Revolution did not end in 1920.
Ali versus Frazier in Manila.
Dangerous jobs in the world.
The story of 09/11/2001.
The sinking of the Russian submarine Kursk.
The Spanish side of the battle in the English Channel.
Newspaper stories of the Spanish Civil War
Coastwatchers in the Solomons Campaign
Leo's adventures in running away from the Nazis.
The evil side of the Ceausescu regime.
The hundred year war for Africa's gold coast.
The siege of the foreign legations at Peking.
Mao's escape from Chiang Kai-shek.
Ancient Queens of Egypt.
An explanation of the Italian-Ethiopian War of 1935-1936.
A good overview of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.
Another classic from Stevenson.
War stories by the famous Bob Capa.
America kicks [tush]
Corn's travels across Indonesia.
An exploration of the Iranian people.
The unknown war in the corner of the Arabian peninsula.
A family's search for the truth.
Another scandal of the Third Republic.
Why the French made a colony of the Sahara.
A Hungarian teenager fights the AVO and the Soviets in 1956.
The volcano eruptions at Nevado del Ruiz and Galeras.
An excellent overview of the Pinochet years in Chile.
How Eden blew it in the Suez crisis.
The failures and oceans of blood caused by Communism.
The failures and oceans of blood caused by Communism.
The tragedy of war.
The war of independence in Algeria.
Britain sinks a French battle group during WWII.
Trujillo gets his just desserts.
The 1914 Christmas truce between the Germans and English.
The not so glamourous side of war.
A brief description of the Gladiator profession in Rome.
The British and French conquest of German Africa.
Grant and Lincoln forge a new shape of military thinking.
The leaders who failed Africa.
The Imperial Russian Argonauts against the Japanese.
Vesey leads the largest slave rebellion in the U.S.
Seven great journeys across geography and history.
Anson's coverage of the war in Vietnam and Cambodia.
Biographies of all the Airmen who received the Blue Max.
A good overview of the German State Secret Police.
Why we protest in Birmingham, Alabama in 1963.
World War II in the Italian countryside.
Traveling in post-war Vietnam
Mini Tet in May and August, 1968.
Tsarist Russians against the Germans and Austro-Hungarians.
Bismarck unites Germany.
The reign of terror in the Anabaptist Kingdom.
Interesting stories from the Vietnam War
The French conquest of Morocco at the turn of the century.
A summary of the Spanish American War.
The life and times of Henry II of England.
The Ultimate book about Pearl Harbor.
The orginal account of the sinking of the U.S.S. Indy.
How 150 sailors died needlessly because of the U.S. Navy.
Haig was right in the final chapter of the war.
The Emperor versus the Indian.
Alaska as a colony of the Russian American Company
How the U.S. overthrew a legitimate government in Guatemala.
The last five days of a dictator's life.
The kaiser leading his country to ruin.
A BRIEF OVERVIEW OF W. WILSON'S LIFE.
The 24 hour span of time before the death of Lincoln.
An army detail ambushed by the Sioux ten years before Custer
A review of the Austrian Empress Maria Theresa and her reign
Pablo Escobar kidnaps and kills people.
Keystone cops (Americans) wage war.
Navy Seals in Vietnam.
A personal account of the Battle of the Bulge.
a short overview of the ottoman empire
Two Norwegian-Americans row the Atlantic Ocean
small town reaction to the massacre of Indians
an overview of the history of cambodia in the last 30 years
Manuel's stories about the end of Nazi Germany.
The occupation of Veracruz by American forces.
Why Ike decided not to capture Berlin in 1945.
How British Generals wasted the lives of their men in WWI.
the story of the reign of boris III of bulgaria (1918-1943)
Missed opportunities to overthrow Saddam Hussein
a discovery of one of the lost cities of the incas
a history of the U.S. Navy
reasons why we bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki
