Mark Sloan's own past leads to murder.
The Collected Columns of Ann Coulter.
A safe haven that is far from safe...
CJ Barry has done it again
They've survived...now how do they live?
Cam comes to the rescue!
He is a very lucky man indeed
A mystery/romance suitable for Mulder and Scully
Game over!
A ghost of the past haunts Leia on Tatooine
Feel, understand  and explore the love of the Big G...
The official arrival of Faulkner's sound and fury
What secret does the Ghost Horse want to reveal?
The trap snaps closed
Excellent expression of grief.
Passable adaptation of a passable movie.
Proof  that some angels have tails
Another wild ride from the late, great Richard Laymon
The game continues
Almost  succeeds at making a silk purse out of a sow's ear
A softer, gentler side of Robert Bloch.
Too soon to tell.
Useful, but not what I hoped for.
The Saga is now complete
"Evil is born in a cold heart and a weak mind."
Not an Election 2000 recount apologetic
The real story is not what it appears to be
An excellent and atmospheric adaptation of a horror classic
The end draws near...
Third time has charm, and the promise of a darker path
Dr. Sloan faces a waking nightmare
As the pace of the world quickens
Sweets for the sweet
A fistful of Kolchak
A mansion filled with Martian mayhem
Glimpses at greatness.
Blackmail and murder yarn is another chip off of Bloch
Who knew dark could be so light hearted?
Art and humor combine.
Where's the power?
The creative cotton is very high indeed
It's Croft versus Cthulhu
Essential reading for Amityville fans
The circle draws to a close
One boy's adventures as a cat
A romance with plenty of grit.
Cute cat gimmick
Raiders lite.
The life, and the eventual death, of Snowflake.
Another unique feline lovingly remembered.
"Our friend the enemy."
A monster stalks the Pentagon.
Kolchak faces an evil most human...
Take a wild ride to the far side of the Cadillac Desert...
Where's the fire?
Eighteen of Poe's best tales.
What if fire breathing dragons were real...
Is this really how it all began...?
Mark Sloan again battles a cagey and dangerous nemesis
A special story about a special cat
An important guide to overcoming male depression.
Ghostly happenings and romance...
A light hearted look at a 'dark' subject.
Second mystery just as charming, funny, and fun as the first
An entertaining look at the chaos that was 'Jaws'.
An excellent paranormal romance.
Every bit as entertaining as an episode of the show...
A Fairy Tale for fairies.
The war moves to a new battleground.
Where are the mummies?
Paranormal romance with a twist, or two.
Yet another tense escape from Raccoon City.
Resident evil dino crisis, sort of.
Tarzan + Cat People = Wild Read.
Pure Lansdale magic.
Long in the tooth and lacks bite.
Failed PI uncovers the perfect man...
Third time retains the charm.
Great story, great script, great book!
The Walking Dead rule the earth...
A fairy tale with a realistic edge.
The end of the world as we know it!
An entertaining 'what-if' scenario.
New Action/romance series/line starts with a bang.
Definitely a blast.
Thwarted love is given a second chance.
Bruce reveals the working man behind Ash/Brisco.
Literate dark fantasy comes close,...
Long ride for short concept.
Long ride for the concept.
An essential for any Kolchak fan.
Lacks focus and connection.
Second time around just a fulfilling as the first.
An essential for any fan of John Carpenter.
PICTURE book of Alien is more like it.
Missing child reunites couple as dark secrets are revealed.
Ghostly possession of ghastly phooey?
How the Vampire Goddess came to be.
Two books in one...
Kolchak #5 maintains solid quality of renewed series.
100% pure Kolchak!
A glimpse of the season that was not to be.
Imitation may be the sickest form of flattery.
A love that reaches across time...
It couldn't happen here...could it?
Everything that is Saw is revealed.
Widower finds a fallen Angel.
Kolchalk fans will adore it.
Entertaining in its way, but is it really true?
&quot;Oh, a lightsaber.&quot;
Series bows out with wit, action, and affection.
Professional genre writing 101.
Wow.
No one chills more with less than Campbell does.
The infamous siege 'revealed', well, sort of...
Way too much plot getting in the way of the romance.
Lesson in manners leads to marriage.
A solid look at a great genre talent.
A collection of some of Lewis's more famous addresses.
Christy Canyon pulls back part of the curtain on her life.
The funny pratfalls of falling in love and being married.
A harrowing and heartrending tale of alcoholism.
Bill Cosby has never really grown up...
Is growing old funny?
Behind the scenes of Jaws 2.
Coz shares insights and anecdotes about Fatherhood.
Series entry has clear case of sequel fatigue.
Little information of actual interest or insight.
Solid and satisfying conclusion to the Wraith Trilogy.
Read this BEFORE you lose someone.
A solid and, more importantly, mature series entry.
A new threat needs a new squadron.
SMASH the anger!
The subtle temptations of Evil.
The theoLOGICAL reason we suffer.
How it's important to believe that the supernatural is real.
Goofy fun for monster buffs only.
An above average radio play style adaptation.
Delos is back, but the [danger] to visitors remains.
The second half is better than the first.
Far too lightweight to convince.
Strieber returns to the thriller, and returns to form.
All work and no play makes for an unhappy hedgehog.
When a great writer and wonderful illustrator meet...
The usual suspects in a near perfect adventure.
Good stories, and that is all that counts.
Strieber continues down a credibility destroying path.
Strieber takes the next step and stumbles.
More intelligent horror for intelligent readers.
An idolatrous look at Clint Eastwood and Malpaso.
An intricate web is nearly finished.
The best bad guy in the galaxy is back in action.
The dark side of the epic science-fantasy series.
Cute and funny, but missing something.
Raccoon City falls to the monsters of the T-Virus, and more.
An unnecessary chapter in this drawn out saga.
A weapon is discovered and an enemy is revealed.
The worst case nightmare becomes a reality.
More zombies, more puzzles, more fun.
It's invasion of the grasseaters.
A great introduction to a great writer.
The Beast rules the world.
The Beast takes possession.
The core beliefs of Christianity explained with clarity.
A delightful glimpse at a one of a kind genre.
Does Creation/the AfterLife meet 'your' standards?
A wonderful look at the first movie in need of an update.
Interesting gathering of ideas, concepts, and theories.
Apologetics Lite, 101.
After 694 pages, The Tower is only inches closer.
Summer of Night becomes chilling Winter of mind games.
A calender that became a book that became a movie...
A feast for the eyes.
The best of the best of the best....
Where be there monsters?
An insight into emotional trauma by someone who is there.
A gift.
Saul missed the mark.
The importance of learning Godly Wisdom to live by.
A day in the life of Godzilla, kiddie style.
Clock is ticking on AntiChrist's Reign.
Vampire versus vampire!
How to seek calm in chaos.
Excellent, not what I expected at all.
Milligan every bit as ghastly as the title implies.
The Rogue gets roped!
A romance for Trekkies!
It didn't do much for me .
The best of the worst, and the worst of the best.
A boy, a car, and a mystery.
The Founding: Book Three
The Founding: Book Two
The Founding: Book One
Giving true love a much needed second chance.
More short, simple, and readable Potato Chip editorials.
Potato chip editorials.
Pretty much required reading for Godzilla fans.
The Murder at the Vicarage.
Twilight in the October country.
This X-File did not get my skin tingling.
Grab a broom and a dust pan...
Dirty Harry is at it again.
X-Wing #3 is the best yet.
X-Wing #2 - Spies in Space.
Three short novels by America's greatest writer.
Book #1 is Top Gun, Star Wars style.
Sentient seaweed stalks Doctor and Co.
Secession threatens tottering Republic control.
Not my favorite Strieber, but not THAT bad.
Strieber's most realistic terror more timely than ever.
Koontz's only novelization is a poor example of his work.
Survives with Wolves.
Good, but wait for the paperback.
Romance lacks courage to deliver its message.
A family's nightmare = a reader's delight.
A collection of infotainment anecdotes, nothing more.
Yes, it is like &quot;Mockingbird&quot;, but it's Mojo Style!
Plenty of the wrong kind of action and thrills.
Tight suspense holds together standard romance.
Second trip to Tyler is more sweet than it is suspenseful.
Courtship is strong on adventure, but weak on  Star Wars.
A tilt-a-whirl look into the Dark Knight's world.
Feline focused fantasy laugh fun out loud funny...
A wonderful introduction to the tapestry that is Tyler.
Carnivorous toxic sludge threatens the world.
Unethical actions smothered romantic spark for me.
A dark tale that sparkles.
More fun long ago and far, far away...
Semi-classic tale of the ruthless.
Lots of romance, but very little suspense.
This taste of Resident Evil will leave you itching for more!
Paranormal romantic suspense with a refreshing twist.
MiB versus Man-Eating Trees.
More love on the run.
Demand creepy chills in a ghost story?
What happens when the mystery overwhelms the romance.
Another convoluted mystery for Philip Marlowe to unravel.
Identity thief winds up stealing a heart as well.
Haitian Witch Doctor returns to wreak more havoc.
Missing persons case finds love.
Ten Little Flies, Layman style.
Dark Fantasy for the Developmentally Arrested.
Dark Fantasy for the Developmentally Arrested.
Herzog thriller won't shake you up too badly.
Disaster thriller will have you burning through the pages.
Ramsey Campbel can dish it out...
Seven years late tie-in will satisfy Friday Fans.
Pointless novel of interest to Jasonites only.
Lost love's hate reaches out from beyond the grave.
Good v Evil, Law & Order style!
&quot;Welcome to Potter's Bluff.&quot;
Read this and you won't have to bother with the movie.
Terrifying and plausible worst case of what if?...
Fun pastiche of 40s noir with Science Fantasy twist.
The novel that made me stop reading Robin Cook's books.
Slow burn thriller chills bones while stabbing at heart.
Sequel to The Keep spawned a Cycle.
Professional novelization lacks fear.
Revenge, monsters, and repairs.
B-movie novel is better than movie it's from.
Episode 2: The Levee
Interesting variant on biodisaster thriller.
Killer Yeti terrorizes ski resort.
Garbage.
A warm farewell to our stranded friends on Tran-ky-ky.
Heal with a touch, but pay a price.
Nazis unearth something more evil than they were.
The kind of book Robin Cook wishes he could write.
The final final chapter!
Were liberties taken with the story?
Decent adaptation of final episode of first trilogy.
Script in book form, nothing more.
The trilogy ends on melancholic note.
Novel sequel lacks novel ideas.
Cash making sequel a guilty pleasure.
A refreshing change of pace.
Fascinating speculative fiction.
Masterton's love letter to "The Color Out of Space"
Deep offer plenty of adventure and thrills.
Monster lovers dream come true.
Dream Warriors must close door opened to nightmare.
Over the top Buddy Cop story from Hell.
A side of Benchley we should see more often.
Sleazy slasher mystery.
One of Benchley's best.
Cold War thriller offers humorous nostalgia.
Mad Doctor seeks leg to heal injured love.
Life on a dying planet.
Night Warrors kick anicent evil in the..,other world.
A different look at The Thing.
A novelization that becomes a novel,
Night of the Living Dead redux.
Another entertaining mish-mash of genres from Koontz.
Interesting concept, weak presentation.
Hocus pocus, Corky's sanity has lost its focus.
A crackling good disaster novel.
Monsters of the garden variety.
Killer Bee yarn still a humdinger.
Rats 2 delivers the gruesome goods.
Nasty sequel to the garden variety monster yarn.
Disaster thriller entertains and keeps up suspense/interest.
Rats Trilogy goes out with a winner.
Chilling what if really was ahead of its time.
So much more than a mere adventure.
The horror novel that launched an entire genre!
Beware The Fog, it will drive you mad!
Herbert's The Dark is The Fog redux.
A mystery that will chill your soul.
Neo-Nazis attempt to literally resurrect evil of the Reich.
Blatty's Exorcist 2 a passable sequel.
Gentle fantasy is a shocking change of pace.
A really twisted sequel to The Sentinel.
An intimate tribute to a bright, literary star.
Theories of moderate interest, not much else offered.
Novel of cult classic movie a look at what might have been.
One of Saul's classic tales.
My vote for King's all time worst.
Ghosts of the past destroy a once happy, loving family.
An excellent devotional for men.
King and Straub, together again, and going for the throat.
Deviant tells of the man behind the monster.
A literary landmark.
Creepy setting and neat monster grace average story.
The New Adventures Begin here.
Antibodies is familiar fun for fans.
Trail leads to nothing new.
Dillard makes Shatner's concept work, almost.
Vulcan to secede from the Federation?
Sleepeasy might keep you up late, reading until the end.
Klingon gunslingers?
An interesting piece of Star Trek pre-history.
Beware, the dark carnival has come to Oxrun.
A dull tale of a haunting.
An early Oxrun visit delivers expected chills and thrills.
Wolf's Hour is McCammon's weakest hour.
A collection of great writers not at their best.
Straub's 'final' horror tale is wonderfully over the top.
Saul's most personal thriller?
Koontz can't leave himself alone...
The other high water mark anthology.
John Shirley's strong voice overcomes weak presentation.
Erotic machine stories are a mixed bag.
More of the night HE came home.  The nightmare continues!
Shadow Man a patchwork novel.
Another spooky mystery for Proctor and the Gang.
'Classic' tale offers retro-gothic delight, little else.
Human v Whale on Waterworld.
Thriller seems more antiquated than old fashioned.
Great rainy day fun for the dino loving kid.
Series ends as it began, with a whisper and a chill.
&quot;Death has come to Maple Landing.&quot;
Audio play is middle of the road stuff.
A mixed bag of spirits.
Straub's first novel a literary oddity.
Novelization of an unused Jaws 2 script.
Benchley's debut still has bite.
Old high school acquaintances not forget.
Small town works its magic on television producer.
Serial killer satire left me cold and empty.
THE high water mark of the horror/supernatural anthology.
Beware the Old One!
Bloch always a joy to read, no matter what the time.
Masterton's first set the template for all to come.
Lansdale retells 'Freaks' as a comic roman noir.
Fast paced, fun, and forgettable.
Godzilla, King of the Monsters retold for the young reader.
A zombified western classic!
Good intro/overview of dinosaurs.
A monster fan's dream book.
Awe, terror, and suspense - a perfect summertime sci-fi read
Sequel not equal, but still fun enough to read.
A middle of the road effort for Herbert.
Anthology suffers from the curse of sameness.
Little girl lost tale almost lost me.
Life on planet earth as run by vampires
The late master's tales remain required reading.
Bloch may be gone, but his tales remain.
Bloch's big one.
Bloch's brilliant stories are required reading.
Another excellent collection of tales by the master.
The curtain closes on the Bates legacy.
Two 'girls' satisfy each other but not this reader.
Another tour of the dark side.
A disturbing nightmare.
Two great stories, three passables.
Not a bad book, just a looooong one.
Creepy tale tries to recapture spell of 'Flowers'.
A well done character study.
Horrors past and traumas present torment a troubled family.
A short and beautiful story.
Greg tells all.
Great nibbler for cat lovers everywhere.
A slightly different ghost thriller.
A fast paced nightmare.
Cute and diverting, nothing more.
You can't fight the heat, or the chemistry.
Disappointing.
Well plotted and scary, but something is missing.
Ghost of man's first love comes back to haunt him.
Icy attorney melts in the arms of hunky naturalist.
A book both fascinating and unpleasent.
Life long friends find themselves falling in love.
Two stubborn people fall in love, fighting it all the way.
Fun in the sun.
King's gruesome tale may be familiar, but it still chills.
A boy into a bee tale.
A creepy love story to give you goosebumps.
Frothy fairy tale fun.
Not my kind of thing.
The road leads to love.
True love at its hottest
Love of a strong willed redhead saves the day.
A heart warming love story.
An unconvincing and mediocre ghost story.
At last, vampire tale that is unique and original.
Another sad chapter in the Amityville Hoax history.
A novel about humanity's wake up call.
True or false, Amityville tale still a classic ghost yarn.
"Here's another fine mess we've gotten into."
Something very wicked this way comes.
Sleek, nasty and scary but a tad familiar - it's Masterton!
A tale of survival that will stun and inspire you.
It's Batman versus The Car!
Chaotic paranormal thriller entertains and surprises.
Cursed claw turns parents into killers.
Anson's second novel doesn't disappoint.
Garbage that defies description.
Psychic thriller rides off in all directions.
I couldn't finish it.
Vampire strippers make for a rockin' good read.
Strieber's return to fiction lacks creative magic.
Insane mortician buries his clients alive.
Informative bio is a joy to read.
Hank Searls nearly fixes silly plot elements of Jaws 4.
Rebecca tells a pretty wild tale.
Night Beasts starts well, but stalls quickly.
Mengele's story sheds no real light on the man's motives.
Grade B shock schlock entertained.
Giant shark thriller is missing giant thrills.
Sex and monsters, what could go wrong?
It kept me on the edge of my seat.
Somebody is playing nasty mind games.
I could not but this book down...
Nifty fluff starring everyones favorite acid spewing alien.
The ghosts come out to play while the plot thickens.
Benchley pulls another monster from the deep blue sea.
Whirlwind, while creepy, is nothing new.
Vacation proves more work than fun for Ethan Proctor.
It's The Mighty Thor vs Godzilla!
Part 4, shopworn and formulaic.
Shallow part 3 all cliffhangers, nothing else.
Christian cliffhanger series isn't boring.
Episode 2 offers more love story than action.
More a Summer Movie treatment than a novel.
Vengence driven black rain drives a small town insane.
Silly, predictable, and entertaining. It's a Saul story.
Same old Saul still delivers.
Stories may be dark but they certainly aren't fantastic.
Derleth's love for material and HPL saves book.
What makes a good end of the world thriller?
A distasteful thriller.
A really bad non-romance.
Another twisted and tormented Andrews family saga begins.
A heart warming love story
Three Bloch novels reveal author's mastery of the genre.
Weak ending destroys story's spell.
Fun B-movie type book, nothing more.
Full Moon is empty of thrills.
Old fashioned thriller offers a few chills, but falls short
Boneman offers atmosphere with little else
Diverse tales offer endless pleasure
Sprawling thriller manages to be two books at once.
Straczynski honors Serling's legacy.
Gross and not scary in the least.
Great stories from a great writer.
Did nothing for me
Cat and mouse revenge game TV movie style
Slow, creepy tale of Egyptian magic may try patience.
It's attack of the carbon eating, flame farting cockroaches!
Good writing + bad plot + tepid sex = disappointing book .
Hellcat is hellishly awful!
A great premise is wasted
Malignant Mime threatens to thin out Fat Tuesday
Jersey Devil tales make for a devilishly good read.
Quite possibly Irving's best book
Irving's saddest hour?
Irving creates the template for his furture great books.
The Right Hand is only a standard Saul story.
An excellenty  thought out sequel
This entry gallops along
Some early work from a genre master
A really sad excuse for a book
Talented writer's debut novel is weak, very weak
Satanist conspiracy thriller is diverting, nothing more
A really unique horror story
Confirmation confirms nothing.
Silly monster novel entertains
Believe it or not this is quite a good book
Clarifications only muddy the already darkened waters
Strieber closes out Wolf 'trilogy' on a strong note.
Ellison's second volume is too much of a good thing.
This book will chill your spine.
A unique monster thriller
A surprisingly good horror/action thriller.
It's Frankenbook!
A strange and haunting tale
Braindead youth revived as venegence seeking 'zombie'.
A real chiller diller, possibly Saul's best.
A delightfully silly novel that delivers thrills and chills.
Stories that will give you nightmares
A pretty well written book, but what was the point?
An odd, disturbing book
Pretty nifty stuff, for tie-in fluff.
The stories the spawned the &quot;classics&quot;.
The original story with the original script.
A nightmare from which you will not awaken
Recommended for only the strongest of stomachs.
Jack's back, and so is Bloch
Little Brothers offers big scares
Mulit-layered horror from a master horror writer
Handcarved Coffins is the only one worth reading
A wildly implausible thriller
A funny and tragic look at a writer's life.
Not the experience of the film, but what could be?
Cronenberg's visionary masterpiece explained, sort of.
Sequel is not equal, but still a great piece of literature
Not only a great novelization, but a good novel on its own.
Still fresh over thirty years later
Etchison does Carpenter film justice.
A fascinating character, a wonderful, heart breaking story
This one IS better than the movie
Brilliant
Werewolf novel a strong debut for Hautala
SFBA's other serial killer.
Better than the movie that they made
A fond memory unmarred by ego.
The sad, strange, and bitter story of Edward D. Wood Jr
A book as lifeless as a zombie itself
Practical advice from people who actually do it
Sequel expands warfare into intricate conspiracy plot.
Editor loved Lefty more than his creator did.
A crackling good thriller without the heavy hand
Doomsayer does not convince in the long run
Although wildly uneven, this collection is worthwhile
Not a literary classic, but two pros tell the tale well
Standard stuff, but it keeps you reading
This suicide is one dumb blonde!
Dark Fantasy master stumbles with this one
Magicians battle each other and then a demon Pig
Spooky and good
Robert Bloch's darkest nightmare
A truly terrifying book.
Grant on familiar territory, teen angst.
The Mummy the way it used to be.
A simplistic werewolf tale of the old school.
Great premise, but chill factor a bit low
Surrealist horror at its finest
A story of people haunted by their own fear
&quot;Episode 2&quot; promises much but explains less
Sequel to Flowers is twice as trashy, but just half as good
A series of limitless potential?
In the Mood for a good read? Look no further.
Cult classic neo-gothic trash really satisfies.
A thriller worthy of Hitchcock
A walk on the dark side that leaves you haunted/horrified
Fascinating, albeit repetetive, look inside the XXX industry
When it comes to sharks BIGGER is not always better
A few factual errors cancel out critical excellence.
Simply the best
Godzilla returns to save the world and this book (almost).
Godzilla rules again!
Godzilla is back...and better than ever!
