The best Hugh Corbett so far.
A very humourous "And then there were none" story:
It's spring in Crozet.
Another great story from the wonderful Ms. Ellis Peters.
Poems that will grab you!
Not much of a mystery
A Miss Marple Masterpiece!
This series continues to rip out your heart and tear it  to shreds.
Mrs. Jeffries is at the top of her game!
Lovejoy revisits his past!
Finally we get some answers as well as some resolutions to issues.
Great writing, plotting and characterizations!
A Crowning Achievement for Barbara Vine (or Ruth Rendell)
Wills, young love, deception and red herrings.
Hauntingingly beautiful, ageless poetry!
Mrs. Goodge finds the killer
Modern-day India is memorably described.
I always enjoy a visit to Crozet.
Hidden treasure, greed, murder and mayhem.
You may feel like you'll need a shower after this book.
A very revealing autobiography!
Ms. Beaton pens a perfect cozy!
Lovejoy becomes involved with older women.
Another Egyptian season with the Emerson family.
Behind the scenes in an elegant Edwardian hotel
An extraordinary book in an extraordinary series!
A Great Miss Silver Story
There is a reason why Ms. Davis has won so many awards.
Tensions build and build as you read this book.
Another enjoyable little book.
V.I. is back!
Formulaic and not many surprises
Oh what a party!
Totally hilarious!
Another Winner!
A little slower paced Lincoln Rhyme book.
A long book for Miss Silver.
This is a quite delightful series!
What a story!
Murder, magic and some top-notch forensics in Northern Ontario.
An Action-Packed History Lesson
Such a Macabre Sense of Humour
Very Complicated, Dark and Creepy
These books are a lot of fun!
Poison Pen Letters
A bit of  theatre life in this one.
Lovejoy in Wales
A Gothic Mystery this time
A Tragic Tale of  Family Secrets
A worthy entry in the Amelia Peabody series!
A tightly written story that is extremely cunning.
Depravity breeds depravity in this wonderful adventure story
Turn of the century (20th) terrorist plots.
A wicked satire on Golden Age Detection stories!
It's about time we had another China Bayles mystery!
France and Zurich this time.
This is an almost technically perfect thriller!
What a treat!  Justin de Quincy returns!
The best Thomas Pitt novel to come out for a long time!
Missing Persons, Jewel Thefts and Corporate Espionage
I can't believe I'm the first to review this book!
The one where the animals figure it out.
A serial killer and a great caper!
Three breath-taking Greek tragedies!
What a wonderful, heartrending and shocking story!
Lovejoy gets in heaps of trouble with his ladies in this one
The best  Mrs. Jeffries for awhile.
Such great fun these books are!
What's more odious than a blackmailer?
There's all kinds of death in this book, but only one murder
The last and certainly one of the best Poirot books.
A psycholgical thriller about different kinds of love.
A technically perfect comedic novel.
Last in a wonderful series!
It is certainly too long between Hamish Macbeth mysteries!
A Wentworth Noir Story
Lovejoy finally breezes into the US.
Albert Campion in short form.
How Music Mimics Life.
More of a murder mystery this time.
Loose Plot
A satire on false piety.
Another exciting adventure with the Emerson family.
Quite a Different Barbara Vine.
The caper to end all capers!
A Vicious Little English Village!
A particularly uncaring and sociopathic villain in this one.
Shades of Josephine Tey.
A twisted and convoluted tale about a twisted mind.
Another Upper Edmonton Gardens romp.
A whopping good read!
A Much Slower Pace for Scarpetta this time.
A very funny and insightful comedy.
Come Travel the world - Lovejoy Style!
A beautiful depiction of 1960's Slovakia
Modern day monks in Virginia
The one where it all begins
A little different Roderick Alleyn.
A symbolic recreation of the story of Cain and Abel.
Forster's best.
A very powerful and very tragic novel!
One of the all time great books.
Another solid entry in the Hugh Corbett series.
A masterpiece, pure and simple!
A wonderful tale of mismatched lovers.
How I love this book!
A very complex book!  Certainly an epoch.
I love the characters in this book!
An earlier triumph by a great author.
A good look at Virgina horse country.
A Wonderfully Human Work.
An account of the Gordon riots of 1780.
The first and best from this author.
Another wonderful story about a memorable boy.
Great mystery with lots of atmosphere!
Great plays written centuries ago.
A novel written by an English Prime Minister
There's more going on in Pickaxe than meets the eye.
A billiant novel written by a brilliant man!
Quite the surprise, this one!
A wonderful bunch of little stories about life.
A wonderful story of clerical intrigue.
Another murder for the crew in Edmonton Gardens.
A romantic (?) tale of a fabled city.
An enormously popular novelist during his time.
If you like nautical adventures, this is a good bet.
A wonderfully gossipy, humourous novel!
The short stories of Oscar Wilde are true classics.
A nineteenth century novelist who wrote about the 15 century
A book that shows the mystique of an historical castle.
Time for another romp with Lovejoy.
Arguably my favourite Jane Austen.
A thundering good tale!
Charlotte Bronte's last published novel.
A smashing adventure story of life in early Australia
An autobiographical novel of late nineteenth century England
Another classic by an American icon.
The greatest world of fantasy ever imagined!
A wonderful coming of age story about nature and tragedy.
Another Miss Silver winner.
A Truly Wonderful Canadian Classic!
Not my favourite Morse, but still worth reading.
A Classic World War II Thriller.
One of the best ghost stories ever!
Another great early Gothic novel.
A Beutifully Written Story About Jesus.
A truly wonderful little story!
Another wonderful novel of a headstrong young woman.
Hemingway's first published novel.
A truly wonderful story of life and death.
My favourinte Hemingway novel!
From any other other author this would not have flown.
A tragic story about love during wartime.
Much more than just a tragic adventure story.
My favourite of the tragedies.
Shakespeare's most poetic play.
A Play that runs the gamut of human emotion.
Nice to have these all in one volume.
I've always loved this play with its wonderful battle scenes
Two sweeping plays where comedy and history join.
Great plays as well as wonderful history lessons.
Simply Stunning!
This happens to be my favourite historical play.
It's Wonderful to have all the comedies in one volume
My favourite of all Shakespeare's comedies.
One of my favourites with Falstaff
One of Shakespeare's Best-Known Comedies.
The first and the best Gothic Novel.
A Book That Caused Quite a Stir When it was Published.
A Beautiful Book About Life, and one of my very favourites.
A Study of the Beauty of Nature.
One of my all-time favourite books.
A book that gets to the heart of human nature.
This Book is not at all as it has been portrayed.
Wonderful Story About Early American Puritans.
This is my favourite Dickens' novel, but I love them all!
An Enduring Tale of "Cloak and Sword".
The book that started the term "Machiavellian"
A Novel told from the point of view of a villain.
A Tale that has achieved folklore status.
Probably Austen's Most Memorable Work
A brilliant work that contains penetrating character studies
Wonderful Poetry by a Contemporary of Shakespeare.
A Very Important Work that should be read!
An Important Religious Work written by a Puritan.
Chekov was a master playwright.
Wonderful Lovejoy!
An Unforgettable American  Classic!
A great story that has been immortalized.
Another great masterpiece by an ancient Greek slave
A Nice Little Mystery Puzzler!
An autobiographical novel, that tells a good story.
A complex adventure tale!
A beautifully written romantic fantasy that still surprises.
One of my best-loved books.
Not That Bad, I Guess, but Not That Good Either!
One of my All-time Ultimate Favourites!
A Classic Adventure Story.
The epitome of chivalric novels.
Who has not read and loved this great classic?
A wickedly satirical travel journal.
Treasonous Doings During King Edward I of England.
A Very Complex Dickens, but  the first that I read.
Important Reading for Americans.
Wonderful Reading for any Age!
Wonderful Treatises by a Contemporary of Shakespeare's
Wonderful Tales of Itlay During the Black Death
One of the Best-Loved Novels of all Time!
Auobiographical, but still a good story!
Quite a different Albert Campion.
A Spiritual Autobiography - written by a Saint.
A Powerful Story of Sin, Suffering and Redemption!
Smugglers and Secret Passages!
Another Great Russian Writer - Not to be Missed!
A Great English Classic!
A Masterpiece!
An Important and Chilling Message - Even Today!
Autobiography Written by a Great American!
Great Ancient Greek Political Parodies
Not the usual Roderick Alleyn fare.
Not Just a Beloved Children's Book!
This Book Will Take Your Breath Away!
Perfect Stories!  Perfect Adventures!
A Classic Written by an American Classical Author!
Truly a Great Classic!
What an excellent way to introduce children to literature.
Very Disappointing!
Fabulous!
Quite an exciting Mrs. Jeffries.
One of my favourite Miss Silver stories
Classic Dexter!
Great Characters and Lots of Plot Twists - a la Christie!
A Pretty Good Adventure Story, if a Little Long.
Too Weird for Words!
Ms. Marsh is a genius in her genre!
A Story of Political Intrigue
A Story About a Femme Fatale!
Wonderfully Tongue in Cheek as Usual!
One of the better Miss Silver puzzlers.
Brilliant Hugh Corbett strikes again.
English Country Village Mystery a la Margery Allingham.
Murder Then and Now.
What a delight is Agatha Raisin!
A new holiday tradition-a Christmas novella by Ms. Perry.
Not my favourite Miss Silver mystery.
Ireland like you've never seen it before!
I Too Loved This Book!
This one has a rather large cast for an Agatha Christie Book
Put Colin Dexter on your Must Read Series List!
What More Can I Say About Ruth Rendell?
A Political Pot-Boiler!
Very Impressed With This First Effort.
Mrs. Jeffries Back on Form
A Wonderfully Well-Written British Who-Dunit.
Better than 3, but not a 4
Lovejoy at his most appealing!
No One can Characterize like Patricia Wentworth!
A Delicious Medieval Mystery full of Treason and Covens!
Quite a few loose ends in this one.
A World War II Spy Story
"Shoulder the sky my lad, and drink your ale".
One of the most unassuming fiction heroes that I've found.
Repetitive from the first in the series.
A True Larger-Than-Life Hero!
As True a Picture You'll Get of Folks from a Small Town.
A Ringer of a Campion Romp!
Love That Lindsey Davis!
A Fast-Paced Thriller
A Brutal Edge of Your Seat Thriller!
What Next Lovejoy?
One of the best ghost stories that I've ever read.
Another wild Amelia Peabody ride!
An Edge of Your Seat Thriller!
A Brilliant Take on a Conspiracy Murder(s)
No One Can Do it Like Agatha Christie!
Lightweight Mystery (even for Mrs. Jeffries)
A Marine never leaves anyone behind
A Nice Tight Little Espionage Story.
It seems too long between Richard Jury novels.
Short Stories That are Truly Symbolic
A Good Story About Four Strong and Capable Women
More Fun Than the First Two
Probably the Darkest  Book in this series!
Keeps You Guessing Until the Very Last!
I Thought the Book was Fairly Exciting.
Another Wild Stephanie Plum Ride.
All Aboard the Lovejoy Train!
A bit different for Elmore Leonard
A Little Miss Silver espionage.
One that may keep you up at night.
A Victorian Mystery Series that is in the cozy genre.
An Emotionally Powerful Book!
My First George Felse Mystery
In search of the holy grail.
A Real Twist on a Love Story
Miss Silver Figures it out again!
A cat and dog as sleuths?
No One writes a puzzle mystery like Ms. Marsh.
Allingham stands alone in this genre.
Not the usual Kinsey fare.
A bleak and stark tale.
Lovejoy! Lovejoy! Lovejoy!
A Little Known Christie Classic!
Dexter is a master craftsman!
A Bit Melodramatic
A perfectly delightful Victorian mystery.
Very Masterfully Done!
Dexter is a true craftsman!
First Rate!
A very light Victorian mystery.
A True medieval tale of horror and evil.
An Early Miss Silver Mystery
A Little bit of Victorian Egypt.
Riveting and terrifying.
A wonderful depiction of a young William Shakespeare.
This one is almost as good as Sacajewa.
Certainly not my favourite LeVendeur Mystery
A First-Rate Thriller!
What a Wonderful Winter Mystery!
Oh so formula!
Words Cannot Express
Come Meet the Remarkable Women of Cane River!
Last in Baxt's celebrity mystery series.
A spine-chilling look at the paranormal.
This book is as funny a book as you'll get in this series.
Brutal , Suspenseful and Spectacular!
Oh That Wonderful Hamish!
I Recommend the Peter Diamond series wholeheartedly.
To the Nines is Great!
Another Great British Procedural
The Den of Antiquity in Charleston
A Wonderfully Written Period Mystery!
It doesn't appear to be written by the same author.
Another Winner for Hamish
A historical novel, not a mystery novel.
Back when men were men and women were dames.
I think the weakest book in this trilogy.
Not Sacjawea, but still pretty good.
Not That Terrible
Dance Until You Drop
Susanna Gregory Writes Great Medieval Mysteries.
Susanna Gregory is Wonderful
Layer Upon Layer of Mystery and Violence
Not the strongest entry in this series.
A Rich Tapestry of a Book!
Another Great Hamish!
A Difficult Book to Read.
Can Cars Blowing Up Get Old?
Lights, Curtain, Action!
A cracker of a Book!
Thank Goodness.  The last Magdalena Yoder Book for me.
Mexico in 1835
Woe to those who commit murder in and around Lochdubh!
The Darkest Scarpetta yet.
The darkest Kay Scarpetta yet.
Murder in a maze!
A strong Entry in the Sister Frevisse series.
Memoirs of a Madam
The slapstick overshadows the story
A Wonderfully Well-Written Mystery
Is Carman Lying or Not?
A Solid Entry in the Peter Diamond Series.
I Have a new favourite Christmas story.
You'll Never Look at Senior Citizens in the Same way, again
An Intelligent Look at the Modern Drug Scene
Not my favourite.
Arguably My Favourite Hamish Macbeth story.
Clever and Sharp
A So Real Interpretation of  the 12 century.
A Little Better Outing for Magdalena
Not Too Bad a Story
Too Many Coincidences is almost the undoing of this book.
Not As Bad As All That.
Murder Then and Now
I never know what to grade these stories.
Classic Detection a la Peter Diamond.
Charming Hamish at his best.
One of the best historical mystery novelists around.
This one burns up the pages!
A Wonderful New China!
A Satirical Mystery
This Series is a Delight!
Edited Better than Previous
A Very Thrilling, If Graphic Book!
Medical Mystery a la Catherine Aird
I Agree, the best in the series so far.
Classic Cornwell!
A True Picture of 12 Century Pilgrimmages
An OK Story
A truly Delightful Literate Mystery
Opera in New Orleans February 1835
Not Really as good as the previous in the series.
Awesome Book, and the Best in the Series, so far.
This One's  a Ringer!
How Does MC Beaton manage to keep this series so fresh?
Typical Magdalena Fair
Patricia Cornwell Does Not Disappoint.
Silence Hurts No Man?
An Update on the English  Country Manor Mystery
Not my Favourite Sister Frevisse
Suspenseful and It Rings True
A True Christmas Story
Loose Plot in this one
A Satire that is a murder story
A Real Puzzler This One.
A Crucial Book in this Series
Tongue in Cheek as Usual
An Excellent Book in this series.
A Wonderful Book, Satisfying at all levels.
Four is a Winner
Ancient Roman Judicial System a la Didius Falco.
This is a Terribly Real Period Piece!
Peter Diamond is Back.
The Characters in this book live and Breathe!
Excellent and Very Entertaining
The Best Sister Frevisse so far.
An Adorable Little Gift Book!
Magdalena Funny Again.
A Very Good Historical Mystery!
Thouroughly Enjoyed Aggie This Time.
Not my favourite Kay Scarpetta.
Secrets, Secrets, Secrets!
Formula, but fun.
Deborah Crombie is Overrated.
Oh that Fabulous Dietrich!
Verrry, verrry British this one!
Awesome as Usual!
Slow Moving, quick thinking Hamish at his best.
Truly Magnificent!
Stephanie Plum is a Blast of Fresh Air!
Wonderful Sense of Period!
&quot;Some die wholly in half a breath-&quot;
Do we Finally See the End of Temple Gault?
I Think the best so far in this series!
It's Probaby Better to Eat and Drink
Not one of her best
Noel Coward as a Detective?
A Fine Medieval Mystery.
A Confusing Tale (from Catherine Aird?)
Hamish at a Health Farm?
A Chilling and Gripping Tale!
Ancient Roman Judicial System
Magdalena Deputized!
A Much Tighter Tale this time
Jack is Back!
Another Antique Cozy.
Very Poor!
Oh the incomparable Ms. Aird!
Another First Class Macbeth!
I Enjoyed This One More than the first.
I Love Peter Diamond.
A Chilling Account from 1833 New Orleans.
Not Quite as Good as the First One
Thank Goodness.  This Book is Hilarious!
Best of the First Four in this series.
A Strong entry in the Hamish Macbeth Series.
A Classic Locked-Room Mystery.
Not all that exciting!
A Wonderful book, satisfying at all levels.
What a Difference from the First Book!
Not My Favourite!
Awesome Forensics Again!
Awesome!
Silly Fare!
Death of an Outsider is wonderful romp.
Silents versus Talkers.
Wonderful New Historical Series!
Catherine Aird is a Master!
Catherine Aird is a Master!
Sister Frevisse on the road.
I'm Glad to be reading Lovesey Again!
Abigail Timberlake is Funny!
A Charming Medieval Series.
Hang On for a Wild Ride!
Yeah for Tallulah!
May Be A Promising Start.
One of the best historical mysteries Around.
Hang on for a wild romp of a book!
A Classic Murder Tale!
Bring on More Hamish Macbeth.
For me - Not as compelling as the first one.
Christmas at St. Frideswide.
There is a Glimmer of a Good Series Here!
Magdelena is Very Funny!
A Bit Too Confusing, this one.
A Bit Too Confusing, this one.
1930's Vintage Noir!
An Unputdownable Terrifying Thriller!
Catherine Aird is Great!
Mystery on the Light Side!
A Charming Cozy
Bathtub Gin, Bootleg Liquor and Speakeasies!
A Really Good Agatha!
This is a Weak Book in the Series!
A very Convuluted Tale.
Wonderful Book!
The Best in This Series!
The Best in This Series!
Quite a good psychological thriller!
Oh What a Wonderful Tey!
This one is a Prequel to the other Dolly books!
Probably the Darkest Book So Far!
Falco in the Banking World
Funny Agatha Triumphs Again!
Funny Agatha Triumphs Again!
Expert  Craftsmanship Again.
Another Strong Entry in this Series
Another Great Story
A Truly Fascinating Book!
Another Great Thriller!
I too Think this the best of the series.
A  Little Too Much Maybe?
A Medieval Nautical Mystery!
Wickedly Humorous!
Another Page Turner
This ONe Set in Norfolk,
Is it the Best in the Series?
Celtic Short Stories!
The Real Story of Roman Gladiators
I'm Left Wondering Why?
I Think the Best in this Series!
Ms. Penman Does it Again!
A Very Rich and Compelling Tale!
Slider at his best.
A Serial Killer in Ancient Rome!
Great Yachting Fun!
The Best in the Series!
Small Texas Town Murder Mystery!
Another Charming Little Mystery!
Not My Personal Favourite.
Another Good Plot with Plenty of Unexpected Twists and Turns
A Cause Celebre
25th in the Series and Still Very Enjoyable!
On the Road Again!!
Fast-Paced Thriller!
An Intriguing and Spellbinding Tale!!
Golden Age Detective Novel Formula
Enjoyable, Not Terrible
Superb Double-Storyline Mystery!
A Most Wonderful Depiction!
Quite The Title!!
Historical Fiction - Done With No Frills
Marvellous Stuff!
Wonderful Bill Slider!
Not As Good as Some of the Others
Not As Good as Some of the Others
Jill McGown writes a Good Mystery.
I Couldn't Even Finish This Book
Really a Wonderful Book!
An Easy Mystery to Figure out but a Charming Tale anyway.
Quite Different from Starry Bird!
Quite a Different Kinsey!
Wonderful Rollicking Fun!
My First Tey and the First Book of 2003 for Me.
A Rather Disjointed Story
Agatha Raisin back in Fighting Form
I Love Bill Slider!
A Murder Tale with a definite twist!
A Good Puzzle, but faintly depressing.
I Think a good reentry into the world of Ayla and Jondalar
Great Stuff!
This Series Stays Fresh!
Patricia Finney Triumphs Again.
A Wonderful Book!
Certainly Not the Strongest Grimes!
Return to Evergreen
New Orleans History.
Katherine Rule Rules!
Tom Clancy's First, and Arguably Best.
Return to Evergreen
These are Great Mysteries
Another Great Tale of Murder and Mayhem in Cambridge
Wonderful Tale!
Susanna Gregory is Wonderful.
This Book is a Very Definite Page Turner!
An Incredibly Well-Written Book
A well-Crafted British Procedural
Simply Delightful!
A Truly Amazing Story about an Amazing Woman
A Nice Neat Mystery - Full of Surprises
A Nice Little Mystery
Agatha Raisin Triumphs Again
Not Dorothy Dunnett
Heavy Going?
More History than Mystery
The Incomparable Ms. Grimes
A Very Well-Researched Spy Thriller
Very Very British
Just as Entertaining as the First
Rhyme Keeps You Guessing Right Up the End as Usual
The Best in the Series for awhile
As Perfect a Little Whodunit as it Gets
Good Old English Cozy
WOW!!
Yeah for Kathy Reichs and Temperance Brennan
A Great New Heroine and a Great New Series for Me
Good Old Koko
A real "Jack the Ripper theory"
I Actually Enjoyed This Book
I have to say 2
What's Everyone Complaining About?
Charming and Delightful!
Where did the title come from?
Too Quirky for Words!
Wonderful Historical Read!
Not The Joy Luck Club
Another Great Story!
A Wonderful Ending to a Two-Part Saga
This is a Wonderful Story!
Excellent Story!
Another Satisfying Cribb and Thackery
Certainly Missed the Quirky Ruby!
Ms. George is a Master!
Not My Usual Fare
Pretty Good British Procedural
A Great Book
A Great Book
Not too Bad for a First Effort
The Real Philedelphia
I'll Reserve Judgement on this Series
Not the Best Deaver
Murder in Brighton Beach in 1882
Definite Shades of Ngaio Marsh
Not as good as the others in the series
Elizabeth George is  a Master Storyteller!
Pitt on his Own
Certainly a Unique Setting and Timeframe
P.D. James is Master Novelist!
Wonderful mystery series
RSVP to This Invitation
What a Team - Havers and Lynley
Surly and Short-Tempered - Rhyme at his Best
What an Awesome Effort
Great Like All the Books in This Series
An Enjoyable China!
More Victorian Mayhem
Not as Good as her Others
A Very Compelling First Book in a Series
A Nice Little Victorian Mystery
Certainly Not  My Favourite Monk
A True Psychological Thriller!
I would give 3 1/2 if it was here
Awesome Forensics!
A Rollicking Good Thriller
Quite a Good First Effort
The Best For Awhile!!
Not the best Grafton I've read
An Exciting Thriller
A totalling Stunning Ending to a wonderful series!!
Unique Subject - Interesting Times
Finally Some Explanations
A Good Forensic Thriller
To those who love Beatrix Potter, this book is a must!
A New Victorian Mystery Series
Thank Goodness, The Story is Back
Better Installment This Time
Good Victorian Series
Spare and Chilling Writing
Enough Already!
Not as strong as it could be
A Definite Woman's Book
Romantic in all aspects of the word
Not as good as the others
Quite a Heartwarming Book
A Fun Read
Renaissance Scotland, Italy and Cairo!
A Great Example of a 70's Thriller
I agree, Not Her Best
An Amazingly Touching Book
A Political Potboiler!
I Just Can't give it 4
Modern Day Shakespeare?
Just a Bit too much for my taste this time.
A Somewhat Gentler China
Quite Complex for a Novella
Continue on with China
The Mary Higgins Clark Formula
At Her Usual Stunning Best
A Wonderful Little Treasure of a Book
A Quick Read if you're in the mood
What A Wild Read!
A Quilter's Dream
A Heart-Stopping Medical Thriller
An OK Book
Fluff!
Take a Magic Carpet to Trebizond!
A Strong Beginning to Another Great Series
Good Read
Good Victorian Mystery
Wonderful Ending to a Great Series!
Thrilling, if a bit graphic!
Incredible Craftsmanship
This is a Wonderful Book!
Hurray for British Detective Novels
A Fairly Good Mystery
New Orleans?
A Lot Different for S. Brown
Check and Mate!!
A Very Funny Story
Truly a Wondrous Book!
Quite Poor from a usually great writer
Romantic and Sad
Very Fast-Paced
A Great Family History Novel
Best So far in this series
Great Mystery!
Predictably written
Totally Refreshing New to me Series
Quite Different than the Rest
Lots of Bullfighting Some Mexican History
Great Nautre - Lukewarm on the Mystery
First Novel!
I liked this as much as the first one
I liked this as much as the first one
My First Elizabeth George Book
Great As Usual
Yeah for Martha Grimes at her usual best
Good, but Not Great
Great Fiction for those of us who love historical fiction
Pretty Good Characterization from a Colourful Era
Medieval WhoDunIt - Tradition of Ellis Peters
A True Victorian WhoDunIt
Interesting Setting and Time
Promising Series
Onwards With the Rest
The Best So Far of a Great Series
SIMPLY FABULOUS!
MY FAVOURITE BOOK OF ALL TIME
Good Mystery
WONDERFUL AND INTRIGUING
Wonderful People - Wonderful Place
Totally Awe-Inspiring
One of the Best I've Read in the Genre
Compelling and Illuminating
A Very Long Michener
Wonderful story
Too Much to be believed!
So Far - The Best
A Bit Disappointing
Quite Refreshing
Good, but not as good as the first one
Ho Hum
Not very exciting
Up To the Gears' Usual Standards
