surreal, imaginative, suspenseful ... simply a terrific read
a rather derivative, ho-hum by effort by Hiaasen..
another sweeping saga by Boyd fully entertains..
competent, enjoyable yet a bit formulaic..
&lt;still giggling>
hmmm, not sure what the author was trying to do here...
this early Crichton thriller is still suspenseful and entertaining
not what I expected, and not very good...
good snapshot of gaijin life in Japan ... but the story disappoints
a compact, dated but neat little espionage thriller...
heartwarming for some, overly melodramatic for others... like me
legendary story seems not to have aged very well..
dark, violent ... and a fairly good read
a romantic, historical novel with charm ... and loose ends
a terse, bleak look at life and suicide; not a cheerful book
a simple yet effective psychological thriller..
flashes of brilliance in an uneven science fiction epic..
a worthy re-reading exercise for (much) later in life...
this dated SF novel does have its moments..
forgotten Chandler 'classic' is not much of a classic..
an at times interesting but ultimately confusing 'classic'..
a painfully touching look at the trauma of adolesence..
a tight, competent short story collection by the master..
a tight, atmospheric crime novel...
great characterizations and prose hold together this book
a fluffy satire on the Dungeons & Dragon crowd; fun stuff!
and if you think your childhood was bad ... read this!
an enjoyable yet sub-standard thriller by Lehane...
a somewhat dated yet enduring adventure story; a classic
a rather tame effort by Hammett, which is a good thing..
a competent early Dennis Lehane novel; not his best though..
terrific characterizations and an unpredictable story..
more of a southwest Florida travelogue than a crime novel
a trifling mystery, but oddly endearing..
very curious indeed!
a dated but still an enjoyable classic..
in a class unto itself ... wickedly enjoyable
derivative Ann Rule material...
ultimately an ordinary gangland crime novel..
1890s Manhattan with a killer on the loose...
the biggest and best of the Harry Potter books, ..so far
Jim Thompson's autobiography of his youth - not so good...
a charming story of an aging aristocrat losing his marbles..
hilarious?  crude?  clever?  Yes, yes, and yes.
certainly strange yet readable, but Thompson's done better..
an epic saga of war-torn 17th century Cornwall...
twisted, gossipy folks in rural 1950s America ... and murder
fluffy satire on advertising, evangelicals, and romance..
a very competent look at multiple personality disorder...
a fragmented look at a rich, spoiled, and wasted young man..
a weak and very dated piece of forgotten science fiction...
an eclectic mix of early SF short stories; very entertaining
clearly a unique novel, and more than a little strange...
a very early science fiction piece entertains..
much better than other amazon.com reviews suggest...
a deliciously wicked satire on America...
an overblown look at what can indeed happen here...
story descends into jibberish after a good start...
great commentary, mediocre stories...
an original, well-written horror classic..
brilliant main novel, and some rather poor stories mixed in
the best from Cornell Woolrich?
an uneven account of a college coed's decent into madness
a shrewd look at the ugly side of human behavior..
paranormal spookiness entertains..
heavy on ambiance, light on credibility
a well-written critique on suburban alienation..
an utterly forgettable Ann Rule effort...
psychological self-analysis piece or action thriller?  Both.
a true crime story and autobiography ... a bit too much
early John Irving material confuses, bores...
&lt;sigh&gt; it's so hard being a woman....
a hybrid of so many other (and better) mystery novels..
a hit and (mostly) miss collection of pulp fiction
a thoroughly enjoyable yet over-the-top mystery yarn...
"Moore Hates Dubya, and other stories"....
Colin Bateman 'does' New York, but not very well...
a fine collection of early Philip K. Dick short stories...
suspenseful yet silly futuristic science fiction..
a uneven effort; surely not Crumley's best?
The Three Stooges meets Carl Hiaasen
a seemingly very derivative Pelecanos novel...
early Ann Rule work is competent but somewhat hollow...
a very original piece of early science fiction
enjoyable surreal weirdness; amongst Murakami's best
an uneven account of life and death...
further adventures of poor Wilt; not amongst the best
shocking, gross and well-written
an over-blown story redeemed by passionate writing...
amongst the best of a very dated literary genre...
a Stockholm-based circa 1970 crime story; pretty decent read
Chuck: what were you thinking?!?
childhood/parenthood under scrutiny; a fine first novel...
atmospheric, immensely readable - standard Pelecanos stuff
a peek at a turbulent country through doctors' eyes....
so fluffy you'll think it floats...
a creative, suspenseful and original piece of fun...
a superbly written story of friendship, scandal .. and life
this book needs to come with volume control; so much hate...
incest in rural West Virginia - not handled well by Cain
a very funny if somewhat overblown satire on America...
nothing wrong with bio-engineering?  think again...
perverse, gruesome, memorable... and somewhat flawed
simply terrific; surprised other seem to disagree...
the slashing of a Norman Rockwell painting...
simple yet enjoyable stories of revenge...
competent Lehane mystery falls short of 'classic' status...
an elegant set of stories that tugs at the heart strings...
an often humorous but uneven effort by Colin Bateman
'Visions of Sugar Plums' = the worst possible Xmas gift
a mixed bag of goodies from the great Daphne Du Maurier
ghoulish crime story that happens to be *very* good...
racial identity placed under the microscope...
despite laughs this Shames book seems rather indistinct...
characterizations and setting save this Pelecanos novel..
good story compromised by average prose/characterizations
a hilarious spin of South Africa of days gone by...
a book for the most discriminating mystery reader...
fluffy Key West crime story; smiles but no laughs...
sex & drugs, sex & drugs, ... Japan as you never knew it
sex, drugs, rock & roll ... perhaps the best from Pelecanos?
brash, rude and sometimes funny ... but too pretentious
a decent yet forgettable last novel from the great Willeford
gritty, realistic crime drama; Pelecanos on form..
curious but overall unengaging true crime stories...
Elmore Leonard spoofing Elmore Leonard?!?
a curious piece of 1950s pulp fiction..
horse racing like I never knew; kudos to Laura Hillenbrand
a creative, enjoyable yet strange fairy tale for adults
drugs, music, crime .. and reflections of wasted youth
an often interesting yet overcooked saga...
a Willeford novella deserving of more attention
great early Willeford, on par with Cain/Goodis material
true story of fetishist turned killer...
don't judge this book by its cover ...
thinking of cosmetic surgery? read this book!
a worthy fix for Stephanie Plum addicts...
snippets of Haruki Murakami surreal magic, .. and some duds
the loss of a child from a father's perspective..
competent yet formulaic Ann Rule material..
a surprisingly poor offering by the master ...
a missed opportunity...
Marital operatic battles?  What was Cain thinking?!?
no sparkle in this 'comic' mystery novel...
big crime, little book
great characterizations overshadow the thin storyline...
suspenseful and fun; perhaps not for Philip K. Dick fans
passable comic crime fodder; Shames has done better
brilliant prose rescues overcooked story...
a fascinating yet nasty piece of literature..
perhaps the least weird Philip K. Dick novel..
sort of a man's equivalent to a Stephanie Plum book...
a well-written, funny/satiric blast on the colonial British
the usual Elmore Leomard competence...
an early Philip K. Dick short novel; both funny and clever
slick crime story; better than average Elmore Leonard book
a piece of zirconium amongst Levin's literary jewels...
an over-ambitious mess...
a fun crime caper set in south Florida - Miami Blues, part 2
a lightweight, comedic crime caper in Key West; a fun read
a literary Forrest Gump bio; it's better than it sounds..
reality TV? something to die for...
terrific storytelling; a fable for all ages
a terrific, very readable story ... one of Levin's best
a well-written dossier of African-American life circa 1950
so unlucky with love...
one of Thompson's weaker efforts (but what an ending!)...
a painfully honest, brutal account of death and apartheid..
a fine slice of Jim Thompson's world...
the bi-centennial, blaxploitation ... and that's about it
a strange, bleak story that fails to ignite...
Ann Rule returns to her proven formula..
a rather strange, gratuitously violent piece by Jim Thompson
among Saylor's better efforts..
perhaps the best Collins's later works?
beautifully written historical fiction..
a formulaic Stephanie Plum mystery ... smiles all around
interesting yet slow-moving account of late Victorian life..
compact, intense crime drama ... and believable too
'Papillon part deux' disappoints..
a remarkable well-written, *controlled* autobiography..
a tight, well-developed crime novel..
read it for its historical significance...
curiousity value from a historical perspective...
Murakami excellence doesn't hold this weird story together
hoodlums and druggies of 1940s Washington..
brilliant prose saves the day...
remarkably unremarkable...
a supremely depressing yet morbidly fascinating biography..
both clever and dumb in equal measure, but certainly funny
great police drama; a real page-turner
a rather self-indulgent mess....
a 'wee sweetie book' on Irish-American cultural differences
Ann Rule &quot;going through the motions&quot;....
competent Hiaasen silliness; he's done better
a rather strange book...
an extremely well written modern crime novel..
one man's obsession with cockfighting...
strange, outrageous yet surprisingly unaffecting...
a story of despairing alcoholics; we've seen it all beforer
so good it should be sold with a money back guarantee...
a mellow and surreal story; one of Murakami's best
gritty story, but what about that ending?!?
perhaps the best from David Goodis..
enjoy it for the history, not the mystery...
a paranoid and claustrophic thriller with something missing
early Leavitt work shows some brilliance...
supreme silliness; rude humour at its best(/worst)
macabre true stories = depressing yet compulsive reading
a sad/funny look at an over-achieving flim-flam man (boy)
a ho-hum story brought to life by terrific prose...
no match for Raymond Chandler, yet fun escapism..
a somewhat dated yet very enjoyable thriller..
an entertaining if unremarkable Grisham effort
a predictably funny Hiaasen novel ... lucky us!
among Ann Rule's better true crime books
the product of an author wearing rose-colored glasses.
a very competent, funny and enjoyable Miami mystery novel
raw human emotions expressed as words...
Goodis does good...
think of it as Hiaasen-light
Ann Rule simply goes through the motions...
a strange tale of neurotic obsession ... and sin
an unexpected yet thoroughly engaging story...
Palahniuk recovers after &quot;Choke&quot;ing
a scathing satire on moral values and the media..
a tame, but certainly not lame Philip Marlowe story..
original story compromised somewhat by mediocre writing...
a moribund, melodramatic piece of Japanese weirdness...
an early science fiction classic?  I think not...
fast-paced thriller in the form of a science fiction novel..
one of Chandler's better detective stories..
a jigsaw puzzle with missing pieces...
..and if you think your man is no good, read this!
a novel with a great premise but poor execution..
interesting story, but not best-of-breed Wyndham novel..
a flawed, but emotive story of a woman's life...
a solid introduction into the world of Philip Marlowe..
immaculate conceptions in Midwich?
cheap and cheesy murder mysteries; decadent reading material
sorry, nutty characters and tough-guy talk ain't enough....
Wydham reverts to standard SF; no deep messages here..
a really terrific subject matter blown over by technobabble
a terrific story of intolerance and hate; required reading
psychotic paramedics in hell...
a literary equivalent of The Blob...
lightweight-ish historical fiction, yet entertaining...
Dark Materials trilogy spins out of control...
vintage Hiaasen: Miami plagued with loonies, post-hurricane
tremendous research expressed as enthralling literature...
you are what you eat...
good cops, bad cops and misbehavior in L.A.
strange and surreal, but not quite a classic..
formulaic Ann Rule?  Yes, thankfully so...
a rather unsensational 'sensation' novel..
a mix of Huxley and Dick ...
not for children only...
great research = great reading? no, not always...
breezy, enjoyable stories; consider them Saylor-Light
Murakami-esque novel fails to impress..
Chuck Palahniuk "chokes"....
something Joseph Heller fans will love...
fantastic premise, intriguing moments...but incomprehensible
an unusual yet enjoyable Roma Sub Rosa novel...
Ann Rule writes brilliantly on an unremarkable subject..
an unfortunate divergence from Highsmith's proven formula...
Saylor in fine form ... again
cheeky Ulster humour blended with an interesting plot..
competent product from the Hiaasen factory...
Highsmith reaches beyond her proven strengths..
McCarthyism, Cold War evils, and a mother from hell...
Woolrich noir in Havana...
Evanovich gets back to basics - thankfully
Roman history made easy by Saylor..
interesting look at changing Americana circa 1900
vaguely familiar territory re-energised...
well-written, intriguing historical elements, but ...
Bridget Jones Part II - yes, it's as good as the original
the curse of being Daddy's little girl...
A Tree Grows in Alabama...
a very clever twist on a proven theme...
an enjoyable yet forgettable Woolrich mystery...
formulaic Stephanie Plum mystery still entertains..
Hiaasen attacks Florida theme parks; Mickey ain't smiling!
convoluted mystery unraveled by Philip Marlowe ... again!
Gordianus heads to the coast...
'stupid is, as stupid does'..
smiles and giggles, but was left wanting more...
the decisions of generals, and their victims...
low-life cons; it's a family affair
a mild variation on a proven theme..
Hiaasen's next victim: the rich and (wannabe) beautiful..
on the road to nowhere...
consider it Hiaasen-Light...
horrible crime, distorted justice .. and biased journalism
wife strives to rescue husband from death row ... dull?
well-written historical fiction; ancient Rome comes alive..
should have used a leash...
Hiaasen unleashed ... painfully funny!
a light, funny mystery set in Rome? yes, but VERY light..
the living, the dead ... and the in-between
an 'American Psycho' in west Texas, circa 1950...
Highsmith fails to deliver on a great premise...
delightful romp into South Florida excess...
don't judge a book by its cover...
a mother's love is blind..
before there was Stephen King there was Dennis Wheatley..
Janet Evanovich back on track; Stephanie Plum, oh where r u?
Wheatley's most famous, but hardly his finest..
an undercooked Stephanie Plum...
A Tale of Two Novels...
A Nightmare in Stepford...
proof that a mystery novel can also be very funny..
Ripley series ends with whimper...
the perfect Philip K. Dick book for beginners...
twisted lives ruined by love...
weak writing (barely) saved by excellent story-telling..
a slow yet totally absorbing read...
terrific story-telling...
diary of a mad housewife, circa 1900
an interesting novel that almost drowns in melodrama..
three books for the price of one?
slapstick yet morbid comedy; not for the squeamish
an intriguing story without any sparkle...
Wouk in the West Indies: painfully funny..
tense psychological thriller among Highsmith's better works.
cool, comical and a devilishly good read..
educational history lesson plus enjoyable fiction...
when serious drama turns melodramatic..
for parents who spoil their children..
desperately seeking something...
disturbing and ingenius; in a class by itself
a humorous look at London's racial stew..
corporate insanity thru e-mail; surely this isn't fiction!?!
psychological character study extraordinaire...
historical novel in a gothic wrapper...
typical Philip K. Dick: bizarre, confusing yet enjoyable..
beauty and purity of story overrides the humbug in me...
a compact, moving story ... a great read
"curiouser and curiouser"...
excellent mystery almost spoiled by over-intellectual prose
when too much prose is a BAD thing...
has this classic spy novel stood the test of time? well,...
a pleasant mix of Clive Barker and Terry Pratchett
a well-written, haunting story worthy of study and debate
a funny gangster story?  read on....
a delightful yet lightweight piece of historical fiction..
compulsive reading despite its faults..
so-so psychological thriller saved by Venice backdrop
Flashman adventure educates as well as entertains..
Miss Smilla: A Weird Mix of 'Geisha' and Lara Croft
competent story of idealist journalist...
hooray for Hollywood??
life and (gruesome) deaths in late Victorian London...
hard-boiled crime novel entertains..
entertaining Philip K. Dick novel doesn't test thresholds
a Depression era classic of deadbeats and down-and-outs
Tom Ripley versus the Mafia
bizarre and original - PKD's trademark
a female bonding soap opera saved by brilliant writing..
proof that a novel can be both brilliant and twisted..
perhaps the best from The Talented Ms. Highsmith
dysfunctional childhood, confused life - Japanese style
great Dutch (art) history lesson, not-so-great novel
atmospheric and entertaining, but Highsmith has done better
a master chef's secrets
a wild ride through 1980s excess
a whimsical slice of Kojak/Colombo with a Jewish twist..
a weak effort by The Talented Ms. Highsmith
the ugly side of 1970s American suburbia..
inferior Irving novel entertains
a psychological thriller of the highest order
Flashman in America; among the better Flashman books
Wilkie Collins in good form..
Ann &amp; Ted: truth is stranger than fiction
perhaps the best of Collins's earlier works..
a slow yet thought-provoking slice of 1890s Britain..
serious/comic view of a mid-life crisis; a British 'Garp'
Highsmith takes on Christian fundamentalists..
when personal desire conflicts with parental love...
earlier Irvine Welsh work entertains...
better studied than read
Stephen King matures..
all of Highsmith's talents in bite-sized pieces
a splendid treasure; even non-Brooklynites will love it
deserving of a sixth star
a 1970s suburban family on the road to ruin
The Perfect Storm = near perfect read
tired Wilkie Collins effort
porn promoted as literature? you decide...
a moving love story, which happens to involve lesbians..
middle-class struggles and emerging feminism..
hoity-toidy humour brings smiles but few laughs
contrived Wilkie Collins melodrama barely holds interest..
better for adults than kids?
when too much love is BAD thing...
satiric or just plain silly?
a weird yet intriguing novel - typical Philip K. Dick
a super-saturated mega-novel; less would have been more
violence + transgender confusion -&gt; great read
money can not buy you love...
a deeply depressing saga written with panache..
intriguing novel if not taken too seriously...
a chilling &quot;American noir&quot; novel
The Wild, Wild West comes to Prussia ...
a survival guide on becoming a woman..
small comfort to Wilkie Collins addicts..
diary of a mad housewife..
interesting story choked by unrealistic characters..
average Wilkie Collins = above average entertainment
...I repeat, do NOT talk to strangers!
smoldering story of lives in self-destruct mode...
a slap at the &quot;who wants to be a millionaire?&quot; crowd
early Collins work shows promise..
a twisted look at the future, as told by a great satirist
a sadly neglected gem...
a well-written but slow moving crime novel
not as clever as Fight Club, but still a winner..
not yet Tess, but complusory Hardy material
Bridget Jones, 1990s version of Georgie Girl
quirky fable not up to Tin Drum calibre..
horrific yet educational account of trench warfare
economical analysis of American male angst
the definition of a page-turner..
simple lives and deaths, complex feelings
deep, emotional character study; one of Coetzee's best
a sad story of one boy's journey..
glimpses of low-life filth
history lesson clouded by toilet humour
deep messages in a clouded story
a Garp by any other name...
don't be intimidated; just read it!
hastily written Titanic saga..
complexity unraveled with a gentle hand
a curiousity piece...
a brilliant analysis of human nature at its worst
a reflection of a man's imagination..
an examination of the fine line between sanity and insanity
a brilliantly original gothic literature
homage to a great inventor
a superb comic novel
great historical fiction for the boys..
a surprisingly poor novel by an amazingly successful writer
a historic masterpiece
an early McGrath work lacking intensity
vintage McGrath, yet realistic..
a fascinating and unconventional read..
absolutely depressing ... and utterly brilliant
eclectic mix of bizarre short stories..
total elegance, and a primer on the Japanese people
a must read for lovers of gothic novels and/or 1930s London
surprisingly enjoyable..
interesting read, but not &quot;best of breed&quot;
sumptious literature for all
a delightful Irving novel, but not his best effort
brilliant writer, dreadful book
well-written and imaginative; yet for sci-fi fans only
best book ever?   you decide..
brilliant concept/style but hard to recommend..
educational autobiography..
an endless voyage best avoided..
great writer, insignificant book
brilliant concept, less-than-perfect execution
Great book for some, including me, contrived for others..
interesting, ultimately moving
not her best, but a worthy read
