Riveting Arthurian retelling!
The most palpable Woodiwiss novel I have read (3 1/2 stars)...
This quirky, surreal short-story collection is perfect!
Fun, unpretentious short stories...
This is truly something wonderful!
Really Disappointing Bad Boys...
Definitely lives up to its title!
Beautiful, brilliant story of star-crossed lovers!
Beautiful fictional account of the artist...
Good escapism, great romance, infuriating heroine...
What happened?!
Fun, witty and insightful...
Absolutely wonderful, great character study!
Rape is NOT romantic!
Disappointing second effort...
Not as riveting as the first three, but still great...
A very sensual historical romantica...
Brilliant and dark!
Interesting and insightful look into the legal system...
Beautiful  inspirational/historical...
Uneven narrative, couldn't get into it...
Excellent, engrossing sequel!
A great series startup for preteens and young adults...
Great escapism, Beauty and the Beast/The Phantom of the Opera-like romance...
Awesome second effort...
Brilliant, dark and disarming, with the proverbial anti-heroine!
Not as enjoyable as The Irish Devil...
The best one thus far -- Jamie and Claire are captivating!
Wonderful and erotic...
Good vampire historical, but lags in the middle of the story...
Beautiful, poignant, thought-provoking Young Adult historical...
This is one fantasy I'd like fulfilled!
This dark novel of sadomasochism blew me away!
Very disappointing, not a good Arthurian retelling at all!
Wonderful debut, not her best work though...
Twice the fool...
Very entertaining fantasy, similar to the Anita Blake series...
Great, well written science fiction erotica!
Unique historical erotica...
From a shopaholic to a workaholic...
Fun beach read (3 1/2 stars)...
A page-turner... Definitely my cup of tea!
Brilliant, literary short-story collection!
I am so officially hooked on this series!
Wonderful historical novel set in 15th Century Venice...
Wonderful historical novel!
Excellent sequel to Witch Child!
Cute, entertaining story, annoying heroine though (3 1/2 stars)...
Excellent, delectable collection!
I love dark, satirical novels, but this one didn't cut it...
A beautiful, smoldering Mediaeval erotica...
Super hot Western romantica...
The vampire queen is back!
Not good...
A good vampire/spy novel...
Beautifully told historical erotica...
A master storyteller I will look to in the future...
Beautiful, lyrical historical novel...
A fun, entertaining time-travel romance!
Absolutely breathtaking!
What haunts me is that this book has ended...
Cool short stories, perfect for beach reading...
Great erotic short stories!
Middling Regency romance...
Not what I expected (2 1/2 stars)...
Fun and entertaining futuristic novel!
Ms. Filipacchi does it again!
Another great collection by Hempel...
Naughty Bedtime Stories indeed!
Another great Dresden offering...
Captivating stories...
The Naked Truth indeed!
Great paranormal romantica...
Disappointing, nothing like More than a Mistress...
Not for me...
Very fun, engaging whodunit chick-lit...
Not good, very disappointing effort by Ms. Holly...
Very interesting, enthralling novel...
Enthralling, enriching adaptation...
Wonderful, memorable Regency romance...
Engrossing, surreal short stories!
Great second part of the Guardian novels!
Clever, disturbing, dark...
Funny and entertaining romantic comedy...
Burroughs is brilliant!
Didn't do it for me...
Keeps getting better and better...
One of the best short story collections I have read all year
A beautiful, page-turning Victorian/gothic novel...
Well written and unique ring of short stories!
The best indeed!
Excellent conclusion to the series!
This series looks very promising!
Beautiful, erotic, tantalizing stories...
More entertaining than the previous one, but still below par
Review of Sir Phillip Ashton's Eyes by Sahara Kelly...
Incredibly creative short stories!
Mind-blowing Victorian erotica...
Fun romantic chick-lit!
Not what I expected...
The best Harry Dresden novel yet!
Witty and sexy paranormal romantica...
Another incredible collection by A.M. Homes
Rural America like you've never read it before!
Worst Writing Whodunit...
Deliciously hardcore erotic stories!
Bizarre and wonderful short-story collection!
Loved Kieran the Black!
A must-read shorty-story collection!
Good first half, but goes downhill after that...
Erotic, compelling tale of a young woman's sexuality...
Wonderful and thought provoking YA effort by Ms. Oates!
Wonderful and compelling YA offering by Ms. Davidson...
Interesting mystery-slash-paranormal chick-lit...
Failed to spark my interest...
On to the next challenge!
Better than To Have and to Hold, relatable subject matter...
A smoldering, erotic surprise!
Beautiful, fanciful retelling of a classic!
Unique werewolf romance...
A wonderful discovery!
Hamre and Sinclair wrote sizzling novellas!
Another amazing Hempel offering!
Smolderingly erotic fairy tales for adults!
Kind of slow with mechanical sex scenes...
Didn't like it...
Misleading and Incredibly dull...
Dresden takes on Faeries...
Incredibly dark, chilling novel...
Hilarious novellas!
Another fun Davidson offering!
Incredible novel -- dark and poignant...
Gets better every time!
Incredible, profound, political poems!
Fun, albeit predictable chick-lit...
Excellent second part of the series, better than the first!
Offers some good insights...
Dark, thought provoking, beautiful... Classic Oates!
Very fun start of a series!
I only liked Jaid Black's novella...
Enlightening short-story collection!
So-so paranormal romantic suspense...
Another literary collection by Byatt!
Wonderful collection, Bloom has an amazing voice!
Dresden taking on ghosts...
A scorching second effort...
A short-story collection that made me FEEL!
Beautiful, dark, haunting stories...
Action-packed fantasy... better than Ill Wind (4 1/2 stars)!
Even better than the first book (4 1/2 stars)...
It gets better every time!
Another wonderful collection by Ms. Nelson!
A great addition to the Wyndham Werewolf series!
Great chick-lit!
Nicci French's best and creepiest thriller to date!
Forecast calls for a surprisingly engaging read!
Dark, engaging, another beautiful read by Ms. Huston...
Wonderful read by Nick Hornby...
Hot, hot, HOT erotic fantasy!
Brilliant piece of work!
Davidson's novella is a "wicked" good read!
Amazing, thought-provoking read!
Great first part of the series!
Awesome anthology!
Incredible short-story collection...
Simply beautiful...
Fun chick-lit (3 1/2 stars)...
Gotta love these Gypsies!
Still fascinating after all this time!
Wonderful romantic fantasy!
Pretentious, boring...
Not to my taste...
Wonder collection by Ms. Packer!
Fun anthology! (3 1/2 stars)
One word: WOW!
Another amazing, disarming short-story collection by Oates!
Amusing book...
Absolutely loved this, full of passion and intrigue!
These stories blew me away!
Another fun chick-lit from Melissa Senate!
Action-packed and riveting till the end...
Another beautiful novel by Margot Livesey!
Middling third effort...
Short, recycled novellas...
There is no stopping this amazing author!
Insatiable and unique vampire romantica!
Amazing collection of gothic tales...
LKH's downward spiral continues...
Truly exquisite four-part historical romantica...
A short-story collection that speaks volumes...
The best Secrets anthology I have read!
Beautiful, dark, haunting short-story collection...
Another unique offering from Ms. Holly!
Thought-provoking, albeit humorous piece of work!
Paige, Lucas and their sup friends are at it again!
Beautiful, sensual vampire romantica...
Don't let the shortness and simplicity fool you...
If the Sopranos had a Carrie Bradshaw-type character...
Good, but inconsistent at times (3 1/2 stars)...
Joyce Carol Oates does it again!
This time it is Lestat's story!
So-so romance/paranormal anthology...
Beautiful, evocative, witty short stories...
Hardly interesting...
Fun, sassy, edgy, but with some loose ends...
Beautiful collection!
An insatiable Regency romantica...
A true American classic!
Armstrong does it again, great third WOTOW installment!
Disappointing debut...
Good first installment of the series...
Beautiful, haunting Southern short stories...
A bizarre, albeit insatiable erotica...
Great short stories centered on fantasy and mystery!
Great follow-up to Bitten!
A fun, entertaining suspense!
Dark, disturbing, erotic, brilliant!
Fun, riveting fantasy!
Ugh!  What happened to this series?!
Not the best in the series, but still fun (3 1/2 stars)...
Clever, unique love story...
Wonderful and thought provoking short stories!
My favorite one in the series!
A.S. Byatt does it once again!
Great paranormal romantica!
Still riveting the second time around!
Quirky, raunchy dark comedy...
Couldn't put this one down!
Tyler delivers a very sexy LA story...
Wonderful paranormal romanticas...
This one will go to my must-reread pile!
Amazing dark, thought-provoking read!
Not up to par with the first two, but still great...
Fun chick-lit short-story collection!
Made me long for Bridget Jones...
Not the best in the series, but not as terrible as...
Beautiful, provocative, creative...
Delicious to the core!
Failed to spark my interest...
The real Marquis de Sade...
Insatiable sequel!
Darkly funny stories!
Another fun, sexy read by Ms. Davidson!
Dark, terrifying, wonderful short stories!
An insatiable, different brand of vampire romantica...
I'm loving this series!
Nothing disgraceful about this gem!
Delectable, captivating erotica!
Another clever erotic thriller from M.J. Rose!
Oates's best collection yet!
Great werewolf novel!
Yes to the ardeur, no to Micah...
Loved it!
Great start, but didn't hold my interest...
I tried to enjoy this novel, I really did...
A fun mystery...
A great Southern Vampire mystery!
Brilliant short stories -- Ms. Brite is a gifted writer!
Excellent follow-up to Undead and Unwed!
A true classic...
Darkly funny, disturbing novel!
A very complex story with excellent character study...
Fun vampire romantic comedy... (3 1/2 stars)
Contrived, lackluster erotic thriller...
It satisfied my Cravings for paranormal romantica...
Amazing!  Thought provoking and poignant!
Great first half, but then it goes downhill... (2 1/2 stars)
Brilliant! Not your typical whodunit!
Gotta love Edward!
A dark, literary read!
Insatiable, smoldering underground Victorian erotica...
Saddle up, partner!  (Corny, I know.)
Wow... that's all I can say!
Back on track, but not the best installment...
Another amazing short story collection by A.S. Byatt!
A beautiful classic!
Good second part of Black's Trek Mi Q'an series!
Disturbing... Will never eat fast food again!
Perfect for the beach indeed!
Not as gripping as the previous six, but still great...
Fun satire of a Beverly Hills socialite (3 1/2 stars)...
Great second part of the Merry Gentry series!
Over hyped in my opinion...
Just fantastic!
Funny, sexy, all out enjoyable read!
Incredible stories!
True erotica book of an uninhibited sensualist...
The most delicious one yet!
Beautiful, memorable mother/daughter drama...
Brilliant, darkly funny novel!
Unrealistic smut story...
The best one yet!  Lots of Jean-Claude!!
Brilliant, dark, haunting short-story collection!
Brilliant, magical, evocative!
A very sexy anthology!
A werewolf or a vampire for a lover... Decisions, decisions!
Interesting, thought-provoking read...
Sexy paranormal romantica!
Dark, wonderful and unique piece of work!
Smolderingly erotic, despite the poor editing...
An amazing adventure indeed!
Get this -- if only for Mary Janice Davidson's novella!
Another action-packed tour de force from Ms. Hamilton!
Mind blowing! Another sizzler from Lucinda Carrington!
Not Jane Green's best...
Philosophy text disguised as novel (2 1/2 stars)...
The title says it all!
Great dark read!
Vampires and zombies and voodoo priests... Oh my!
Absolutely engrossing dark gangster novel!
Not Portia's best...
Dark, gruesome, but great!
Beautiful fairty tales for adults!
An excellent guilty pleasure!
Another page-turner from Marian Keyes!
Beautiful and literary short story collection!
So-so romantic anthology (2 1/2 stars)...
Nothing divine about this torment!
Compelling, thought provoking, incredible!
A philosophical and historical masterwork!
Very delicious and interesting romantica...
Thought provoking and compelling!
Another fun treat from Ms. Davidson!
Sexxx and the city!
Bound to become a cult classic!
Absolutely delicious and wonderfully unique!
Hooked on Laurell K. Hamilton!
Very well-written thriller!
Excellent historical erotica!
More substantial than it seems!
Sexy, funny, perfect!
Get this -- if only for Emma Holly's novella!
Mind-numbingly boring, just couldn't get into this...
Bibliophiles love this one!
The novels are definitely better (2 1/2 stars)...
Disappointing...
Still memorable the second time around!
Gives a whole new meaning to the term &quot;boy toy&quot;!
Beautiful and inspirational!
Hilarious, entertaining vampire farce!
Great thriller!
Phenomenal, spellbinding!
Smut novel with no plot...
Clever, intriguing mystery!
Entertaining chick-lit (3 1/2 stars)...
Can't go wrong with Anita Shreve!
Wonderfully creative and clever!
Beautiful, haunting and thought provoking!
Insatiable romantic erotica!
Another hot novel from Portia Da Costa!
Beautiful and disarming collection of short stories!
Not Isabel Wolff's best, but better than most chick-lits...
Another scorcher from Jaid Black!
Another staggering effort from Mr. L'Heureux!
Another sexy read from Emma Holly!
Great erotic thriller from Jaid Black (4 1/2 stars)!
Excellent diners' guidebook!
Great fantasy situation fizzles out...
Too disjointed for my taste...
Beautiful and compelling historical novel!
The BEST Black Lace book I've ever read!
A good retelling of Cinderella...
Fun, cute read!
Another hot, enthralling erotica from Emma Holly!
Life according to Hugo Whittier...
Fun at times, but mediocre nonetheless (2 1/2 stars)...
A delightful gift!
How disappointing...
A great addition for comic book collectors!
Hooked on Anais Nin!
There goes the neighborhood!
Wonderful, engaging read...
Gorgeous, smoldering, riveting...
Very insightful book!
Just as memorable as the Shopaholic series!
Very smart chick-lit!
Interesting, thought-provoking parable...
Beautiful, sensual erotica!
My favorite John Irving novel!
A wonderful, pleasant read...
A rich, mouthwatering scorcher historical/erotic romance!
Superb look into Western history!
The retelling of a classic that misses the mark!
Fascinating read!
Very entertaining!
An enthralling sizzler!! Yum...
A lovely historical novel...
Sexy, unconventional romance with some loose ends...
Definitely got my attention, great collection!
Beautiful, riveting, historical/spiritual tale!
Mediocre (2 1/2 stars)...
Beautiful!
Great stories!
Interesting and ironic...
Slightly Settled -- my sentiments exactly about RDI...
Exquisite, smoldering erotica!
Great imaginative read!
Powerful, entertaining thriller!
Beyond insatiable erotic/historical romance!
Beautiful, sensual read...
Heartwarming coming-of-age story!
Haunting, dark, thought-provoking stories!
Cheesy, boring, ridiculous...
At long last: an original chick-lit!
Fun and insightful look into the author's life!
Incredible work of short fiction!
Best New Erotica?  I don't think so!
Disappointing...
Lives up to the hype (3 1/2 stars)...
Powerful and literary short-story collection!
Fun effort (3 1/2 stars)...
Beautiful, riveting short fiction from Mr. Hemingway!
From one book lover to another...
Frankel's best yet!
A beautiful, compelling novel!
Superb piece of work!
Definitely worth reading...
Insatiable look into the world of uninhibited delights!
Compelling (3 1/2 stars)...
Fun, edgy read!
Great love scenes -- but what else is there?
Takes from a fellow frog kisser...
My all-time favorite American classic!
Delicious and insatiable erotic romance!
A gorgeous novel with autobiographical elements!
Frigid Pink...
Another fun effort from Lynn Messina (3 1/2 stars)!
An engaging, compelling read!
A finely crafted psychological thriller!
A lovely story...
Insatiable and fanciful erotica!
Should have been a classic!
Fun, albeit middling, chick lit
Stunning, enthralling, riveting!
A disturbing, compelling memoir!
Light and fun (3 1/2 stars)!
A fine piece of work!
Gorgeous, compelling and memorable!
Middling smut erotica (3 1/2 stars)...
Beautiful, haunting stories
Moving with the times...
Great second effort from Ariella Papa!
Gorgeous, riveting, CAPTIVATING historical/erotica!
A beautiful, albeit complex, story!
Darkly delicious!
Not as good as Sleeping Beauty, but still great!
Could have been better
Inside Hollywood indeed!
A bit too preachy for my taste
Beautiful, lyrical and wise!
Had low expectations, but left me impressed...
Erotic and sizzling, but with some loose ends
Compelling and suspenseful read!
Memorable second effort from Ms. Senate!
Enticing, insatiable!
Sizzling hot!
Compelling, fiendishly pornographic read
Simply incredible!
Beautiful, lyrical effort!
Fun little gem!
Wonderful tour de force about grief!
A unique mystery!
Dark and literary erotic thriller!
Fun and poignant look at romantic and sexual relationships!
A delectable collection of erotic stories!
Thought-provoking piece of work!
Sweet, romantic revenge!
Hmmm, interesting theories!
Dark, insightful and flooring
A beautiful, colorful look into the lives of Ottoman Sultans
Great romantic comedy!
Promising concept fizzles out
It lives up to its name!
Lives up to its title!
A revelation!
Cute, quick read!
Profound women's anthology!
Beautiful and engaging!
A beautiful, enthralling read
Thought-provoking and poignant...
A bibliophile's dream come true!
Somewhat erotic, but mostly silly
Insatiable erotic/historical novel
Beautiful!
A clever and chilling psychological thriller...
Thought-provoking chronicles of the male psyche!
And the point to this novel is... ?
Dark and sinister!
Brilliant!
Don't touch that dial!
Can't beat Winterson!
A poignant, compelling read!
Pure fun!
It's so good to be bad!
Who cares?
Polemic is the correct description!
Gripping romantic suspense!
Lacks substance and plot development
Unruly erotica!
Hotter than a cup of java!
Fun and entertaining!
Middling -- 2 1/2 stars
Disturbing and chilling!
The introduction to Jane Green's wonderful work!
A dark and raunchy satire!
Intelligent, insightful!
Suspenseful and sinister thriller!
Temptation indeed!
Mesmerizing!
A quantum leap above the rest!
Exquisite!
Sexy, entertaining read
Not as good as the Sleeping Beauty novels...
Hilarious, erotic and though-provoking!
It gave me Goosebumps!
A fun, quirky seriocomic novel!
My favorite Bad Boy book to date!
Germaine Greer is a genius!
Great satirical stories!
Brilliant, as usual!
The mark of great skill!
Darker than most chick lits...
Wonderful piece of work!
Hmm, not her best effort...
Engrossing masterpiece!
Sex and the City for the male set!
Dark tale of love, friendship and obsession
Not as good as the first effort
Chick lit number one!
Another wonderful one from Ms. Shreve
Engrossing whodunit delight!
Beautiful and riveting!
Another great one from Anne Lamott!
Wonderful, best RDI book to date!
A dark, lurid read
Darkly hilarious to the core!
A great antidote to a broken heart!
Beautiful, mesmerizing read!
THREE is a definite charm!
Fat chance that I'll pick up this book again!
Gibson scores big!
Beautiful, inventive and erotic!
The mind of an evil genius!
A beautiful, enthralling read!
Lame story with a recycled plot
Beautiful collection of short stories!
A fast-paced and light romance to indulge in!
Mesmerizing tour de force!
A dark and clever farce!
Wonderful and insightful tour de force!
Disturbing, yet poignant
Insatiable erotica!
Strange... yet fun
A reminder of her powerful words...
A beautiful revelation
Excellent new outlook to fitness!
Mystery Lite
A  tour de force of erotic suspense!
I know I love Gossip Girl!
A &quot;delectable novel&quot; indeed!
For sheer summer escapism...
Life according to Carrie Pilby
My favorite Marian Keyes novel!
Suspenseful and provocative!
Witty look into the life of a call girl...
Lisa Jewell -- I'm sold!
Entertaining thriller...
Anna Maxtet delivers another winner!
Our favorite shopaholic gets hitched!
Powerful thriller -- another winner from Nicci French!
Chick lit with an attitude!
Masterful and suspenseful erotic thriller!
Not impressed
A bone-chilling thriller!
Sex and the... Country?
Poignant...
Engaging novel...
Reality TV for the insane...
Beautiful and poignant!
She's ba-ack!
More bad boys!
Dark and quirky fairytales for adults!
A fun read!
One of the most beautiful novels I've ever read!
Misses the mark
Young, rich and spoiled in NYC!
Misses the mark
A tour de force!
Tantalizing conclusion to a memorable erotic trilogy!
Luminous Liz!
Revenge is definitely sweet!
Beautiful and provocative novella
Hilarious!
Engrossing and edgy read!
Simply wonderful!
Anne Lamott does it again!
It certainly gave me what I wanted!
Compelling piece of historical fiction
Enlightening read
Buzzes to a great pitch!
Great sequel!
A dark and lurid read!
Wendy Holden does it again!
Beautiful narrative-within-narrative novel
The accidental hit!
Anita Shreve is brilliant!
Hilarious and real!
Superb!
How to be a Con Man 101
A hauntingly beautiful memoir
Haunting and complex psychological thriller!
A beautiful tale of a woman's quest for self-fulfillment
Funny quick read with some loose ends
Clever and disarming satire!
Great first part of the trilogy!
And the next stop is...
Another great one from Isabel Wolff!
Dark and disturbing -- hooked me from its first page!
Could Lamott BE any more gifted?!
Not bad, Mr. Grisham!
Hats down to Lori Foster!
Honest and finely crafted!
Torn feelings about this one
Great suspense from a new author!
Jillian Medoff does it again!
For a beautiful, lucid read...
Fun, feisty read!
A heavenly read!
Beautiful collection of short stories!
The trouble with this novel...
Thought-provoking psychological thriller!
Just Great!
Should be in every hotel room nightstand!
A taste of forbidden fruit!
Absolutely wonderful!
A constellation of clever short stories!
Stick and stones may break some bones...
I Brake for Foster and Denison!
A gem!
Brilliant pieces of urban poetry!
Great chick lit!
Underrated piece of work!
Go, Rabbit, go!
Beautiful -- another work of art from Winterson!
A good departure from traditional chick lit!
Steamy erotica!
Gripping and honest memoir
'Tis a wonderful read!
A sexy and intelligent romp!
Cute!
As close as RDI's ever gotten to an &quot;anti-heroine&quot;
What took me so long?
I hadn't expected much from this novel...
Darkly hilarious!
Innocence lost
So-so erotica anthology
The best erotic romance I've ever read!
A story of ruthless ambition!
Hilarious, insightful, real -- what more can I say?
Sensuous erotica!
Fun and satirical novel about a New York fashionista!
Mesmerizingly beautiful language!
Disturbing erotic/psychological thriller!
Brilliant!
Addicted to Zane!
Absolutely inspiring!
Something every "Good Girl" should own!
Interesting look into the lives of three single women
Enjoyable from cover to cover!
Beautiful read from a masterful writer!
A naughty and NICE dark comedy!
Wickedly funny and intelligent -- RDI's best book to date!
For a fun, light read...
A beautiful and lurid tale of pleasure and pain
Guaranteed to leave you breathless!
A sexy romp!
This book is amazingly ... disappointing!
I submit to this book!
Deliciously dark and clever!
Lovely work by a skilled author
Funny and thought provoking!
Everything that has been said about this novel is true!
Simply wonderful
Zane breaks the rules!
Great Chick Lit!
Predictable and formulaic
Brutally honest chronicles of a teenage runaway!
Sebold bares her soul!
Gripping and honest
Provocative and gripping -- great second effort from Reese!
A true piece of work!
Tell it like it is!
Gripping and suspensful thriller!
The feminists' legacy?
Mind-blowingly explicit erotic thriller!
Reasons why you'd want to read this novel:
Disappointing
I miss sample sales!
Brilliant!
The twenty-something woman's bible!
Brilliant and insightful!
Jennifer Weiner has done it again!
Sex and the Bostonians
The profound words of Marquez!
Beautiful!
A heartwarming and compelling read!
A tormented woman's legacy
Clever satire!
Thought-provoking and disturbing!
Self-help for laughs
A portrait of the woman who identified style and beauty!
Eye-opening and disturbing!
Warning: this book may cause sudden bursts of laughter!
Problems with the book's &quot;anatomy&quot;
Chick Lite
Another great one from the master storyteller!
Lacks attitude
Intelligent novel about professional women in NYC
The Latina's guide to beauty!
The bad girl's bible!
Good, not great
A disturbing and suspenseful tale of injustice!
A funny and thought-provoking collection of short stories!
A Mind-Blowing Anthology!
A great modern romance to indulge in!
Witty, thought-provoking and poignant!
This book is too &quot;High Maintenance&quot; for me!
A summer must-read!
M.J. Rose's best novel to date!
Factoids of the Generation X!
A compelling and poignant read
Ravishing erotica!
A chore to read
The reigning diva of anti-heroines!
Jane Green's best work
It exceeded my expectations!
Excellent observations of the depressive mind!
One-Hit Wonder is a hit!
Not quite as good as her previous books, but still great!
The 20-something's guide to L.A.!
Paranoia's galore!
Sexy and funny -- Naylor's best novel yet!
Readable from beginning to end!
An exquisite book!
Possibly the BEST book I've read all year!
Some truths about the &quot;Ex&quot; factor!
A darker and cleverer Bridget Jones!
Nothing I didn't already know!
Full of surprises!
Another winner from this talented author!
Witty anecdotes from a neurotic New York columnist!
A brilliant book by a brilliant Hispanic news anchor!
Dark romantic comedy -- not your typical chick novel!
Same old analysis on the eating disorders
Nicci French has done it again!
A page-turning erotic suspense!
Growing pains for both child AND parent!
Won't this girl ever learn!?
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder!
Chick novel -- what more can I say?
Beauty advice for beginners!
Hire a wedding planner instead!!!
Nothing impressive about this one
Pales in comparison to her first effort
One of the funniest chick novels ever written!
Droll and light effort from John Grisham!
Unique language!
A tribute to the Twin Towers!
Your best companion to your vacation to London!
Chick novel written all over it!
It was worth every penny!
Margot Livesey does it again!
The book every single woman [at any age] should read!
A behind-the-scenes look at the life of a stripper!
Literary Erotica!
A beautiful and poignant read!
Witty collection of short stories!
An overall satisfactory read!
Doesn't add up to expectations
Music and literature: a winning concept!
I have certainly read better!
She's done it again!
Something every AOLer should read!
It really does give a new meaning to deja vu!
A well-written thriller!
It chills your blood!
One of my favorite romantic comedies!
Below expectations
Droll, Intelligent and Poignant!
A captivating novel!
The single life according to Bridget!
Another great one from E. Lynn Harris!
Loads of endless fun!
Beautiful and Lyrical!
A gem!
Great first effort from Helen Fielding!
Love it, love it, love it!!!
From a twenty-something reviewer
At your own risk!
I have certainly read better thrillers
A great follow-up to the classic satire!
Imagination has no limits!
It was about time!
A fun and bubbly read!
A wonderful novel about friendship!
A dark delight!
Impressive collection of stories from Ciresi!
Le Livre Exquise!
Commited to Mr. Gayle!
Lots of fun!
Beautiful!
This novel is a hoot!
Jane Austen at her funniest!
An American Classic!
A very clever psychological thriller!
Sexy and gothic!
Beautiful collection of poetry!
Bone-chillingly twisted and quirky!
Metaphorical cow theory for the recently dumped!
Should have written a memoir instead
Virtual Reality?
Dark to the core!
He said/She said
Quite impressive
Powerful and gripping!
A clever satire of office politics!
Philosophy according to Alain De Botton!
Could this book be any funnier?!
Intense and chilling to the core!
The best collection of short stories I've ever read!
Choose your own (erotic) adventure
Go Yankees!
Choose your own erotic adventure!
Absolutely enchanting!
A sensuous and sinister mix of suspense and erotica!
A charming and funny romantic comedy
Self-help at its best!
Sirena Selena: Caribbean Queen!
A brilliant satire of 70's San Francisco!
Thought provoking and haunting -- an incredible thriller!
Sugar and spice and everything nice?
Cute and charming!
Poetic Erotica!
A thinker person's collection of short stories
A lyrical and dark novel about youth innocence gone awry!
Jane Austen meets the TV show &quot;Friends&quot;!
It's like reading a magazine article
Writing a script would have saved her the trouble
An interesting collection of short stories
A thin line between good and evil
Quirky, disarming, witty, sexy -- magic realism at its best!
A very helpful city guide book!
Excruciatingly funny!
Rings a bell
Very well done and interestingly nuance!
The most beautiful book I have ever read!
Emotionally disappointing
Entertaining and provocative!
The story-telling talents of Edith Warthon!
An intelligent and honest look at marriage and infidelity
Poignant, compelling and honest!
Very informative!
The human's guide to romantic love!
Warning: this book could be addictive!
Wuthering Heights
A fatally attractive novel!
The urban equivalent of Romeo and Juliet
Hilariously funny and irresistibly sexy!
As sweet as honey!
A wonderful and entertaining mystery
The master storyteller is back!
A wickedly funny and compelling read
A funny and remarkable novel about love and grief
A true classic!
This is literature at its finest!
A fun and illuminating read
A literary masterpiece!
Thought provoking and haunting
A charming comedy about the spirit of true sisterhood
Luminous and funny -- this is fiction at its finest!
Brilliant! Helen Zahavi is utterly original!
The funniest Shakespeare book I have ever read!
Funny and Entertaining
An Excellent Read!
Brilliant and Chilling!
A novel about ugly ducklings and swans indeed!
A Thin Line Between Love and Obsession
The ugliness of society mirrored in a psychopath
Less Than Zero meets Sex and the City
A very precise guide to NYC!
I have entered the realm of magical realism!
Jane Eyre
Crazy for this novel
Funny and Entertaining
A breathtakingly beautiful novel!
Persuasion
Sexy and disturbing
Witty and utterly contemporary
Witty and utterly contemporary
Funny and entertaining
A collection of the best poetry in the world!
A magical world of self-discovery!
Dysfunctional family drama!
A closer look at reality
My all-time favorite children's book!
A Bittersweet Read
Charming and witty
Wonderful and quite touching
One of the most beautiful novels I have ever read!
An amazing storyteller!
Sexually honest and disturbing
The age of Un-innocence indeed!
Entertaining and Brutal
Thought-provoking and intense
Hurrah, Bridget!
A wonderful novel about love and loss
The anti-heroine!
Goldilocks with a twist!
Family ties, love, and infedility
A Classic
Is it possible that anyone could be that clumsy?
Still one of my very favorites....
Hats down Kate!
Was it something she wrote?
Like nothing I've read before!
Funny as hell!
Exploitation of a star for a quick buck
Funny, Smart and Sexy!
LOL til the end!
One of the most unlikeable characters I've read
Predictable and boring
