Charming fantasy series
Fabulous fantasy!
Sensitive portrayal of teen pregnancy and parenthood
Sex Ed 1861
Great resource for historians and genealogists!
EXCELLENT resource for anyone!
17th Century Scarlett
Good view of the period, boring story
More exploitation of American Indians, sad to say
Don't waste 3 hours of lifespan reading this book
Bland, boring
A waste of words
No sweetness OR love, but plenty of revolting savagery
Good overview of what's underneath
Victoria's Best!
Horrible book and a dreadful disappointment from a fine author
A bit disappointing
Bitter tale indeed
Invaluable oral history from those who lived it
Completely inappropriate for children...and most everyone else
Entertaining introduction to American history for youth
Educational and entertaining
Read it to your children...and enjoy it again yourself!
Excellent rendition of a little-known story
Good review of the horrors of war, but....
Nobody does it better than Heather
How Not To Be a Bridezilla 101
Classic romance, classic war trilogy
A good lesson
Adventure, intrigue, sensuous romance- what more can we ask for?
Beauty IS more than skin deep for this remarkable woman!
Tabloid Trash
Fascinating view from the bar
Excellent bio of two long-overlooked Confederate heroes
Emotionally moving addition to this saga
Fascinating fiction with more than a little truth
Mediocre at best
Force is always with the "Star Wars" series art books
Something for everyone
Bad research from an Indian who isn't
A crisis too long ignored
Classic indeed!
Daley Does It Better
Mr. Frankfurt cuts through it alright.....
Great chick lit
Fascinating, candid, brutally honest
Magic and Mayhem behind the scenes....
Mr. Baker's story is America's tale
"The circle is now complete." - Darth Vader in Episode 4
A nonstop thrill ride!
Hollywarts!
Great for classical fans and a great intro for others.
Nice romance, but a bit too detailed in the horror area
Fabulous first novel from a talented writer!
A literary girlfriend for moms and their daughters!
Inspiring story of hope and the strength of human spirit
Excellent and sound advice
Ah....finally.....
Thought provoking and some very valid points
Laudable concept couched in unreadable prose
Excellent review of the pressure on 21st century moms!
Get rich by (supposedly) telling others how to get rich
Your family will live long and prosper with Spock's advice
A grand romp!
Bella!
Extremely disappointing Civil War work
"Train your brain"
Critical, practical look at preparing young people for life
Shameless cash-in
Pageantry, tragedy, and triumph
VERY disappointing "romance"
Sexual abuse, not romance
Heartbreaking end to a remarkable life
Historical masquerading as a romance
The Gold Standard
Still  a classic Civil War favorite
Precious little romance in this novel
Angelou cooks up a new fave for fans....
Practical Parenting 101
Moving account of a desperate day
Good maps, bad research
Lost in Translation?
Beyond rhetoric
The truth hidden in the shadows
A literary time machine
How to get rich is to write a book about it
Riveting Story
Intelligent review for Christians
Always classic!
A much needed resource!
Crichton delivers another thriller!
Practical without the punishment
From the inside looking out
Excellent view of a remarkable but overlooked hero
Boiling with adventure, romance and suspense!
Typical regency, but that's not a bad thing at all!
An American hero's inspiring story
As heartwarming as the novels!
- 1 star for lack of color
Buffett does it better
What a treasure!
Essential women's fiction
Great book by a real expert!
Beyond banana chips and beef jerky....
Morton does it again
Splendid historical & fascinating glimpse into Numu culture!
Much better than Obsidian Butterfly, but a bit disappointing
Mediocre and a big disappointment
Nice sequel to Midnight Silk!
The grit behind the glamor
Interesting take on an appalling scandal
Really nothing new
Nice story of the Olympic champions
Mediocre melodrama from an otherwise talented author
Life explained for dummies!
Not a dull history book!
Interesting portrait of the man behind the history
Excellent analysis of an unworkable political system
Fun for anyone who wants to travel
User-friendly and FUN
Interesting AND entertaining study of Comanche culture
Disappointing
Fascinating study of a Comanche legend and his culture
Entertaining, but seems a bit unfinished
Major disappointment in this series
Wonderful treat for fans of the skating legend
Great book from a great champion!
Great souvenir for fans of a great champion!
Don't panic! This one's 42 times the fun!
The original D&D world stands the test of time
Masterpiece in the D&D genre!
Another great entry in Cindy Holby's "Wind" series!!
Great sequel to "Crystal Shard"
Thrilling adventure story!
Fabulous adventure!
Very disappointing
True and fun
Mediocre self help book
True and FUN
Excellent memorandum of the period and more!
Good, but a bit misleading
Wonderful biography of a remarkable woman
I really wanted to like this series, BUT.....
A must-read for serious students of the War
Fabulous memoir from a true Southern hero
Fabulous memoir from a Southern hero
Davis' bio of General Stuart is still the best!
Excellent bio of an often over-looked hero of the war
Excellent account of a soldier's life during the war
The most complete work ever on the War
Excellent bio, but somewhat flawed
Excellent memoir of a soldier's life
Wonderful, sad tale of a proud people
Realistic portrayal of sports in the Texas Permian Basin
Excellent resource for all members of the adoption triad
Excellent and should be required for prospective adoptives
FINALLY!
Good recipes but could be more user-friendly
Well, duh
Should be required reading for birth and adoptive parents
If you can suspend morality, it's a good book
The Force is with this one!
Great novel, Great writer
Another reason why Lucas should write his own books
Finally, REAL Star Wars novel
ADD is a designer disease
Daley does it better
Not as good as Daley's Solo Trilogy, but entertaining
Refreshing retelling of an old theme
Practical advice
Covey is the best!
Simple and extremely user friendly!
This rates a ten!
More proof that how to get rich is to write a book
Good but....
Fairly balanced narrative
Finally!!
Not an accurate study of Kabbalah
Cheaper form of the Carlton Sheets plan
Good points
Intriguing, but please get off slavery.....
The fault lies not with Gore OR Bush
For Conservative Christians only
Sadly, the silence echoes on and nobody hears
Good, but not as good as number one
Thank you for this much-needed resource!
Thanks so much for the validation!
Dr. Forward really puts science into the fiction!
Christina rips away the shades and exposes truth
Authentic portrayal of why girls have eating disorders
A much needed prescription for victims
Informative and FUN
The word "ripoff" comes to mind immediatetly....
Madeline Baker cooks up another winner!
Rabbits are cute. This is not
Nothing really new.....
Not for everyone
From the heart
We should all have such devoted friends
Too simplistic for some victims & it's not for everyone
Nothing new or different
The real Diana at last
Not helpful for everyone
How fitting!
A shameless attempt to cash in
Great bio and adventure story
Mediocre at best
For everyone who hates the misuse of apostrophes!!
Mediocre at best
May not work for everyone
Too simplistic
"Boogie Nights" for real
We need more teachers and coaches like this
A story of personal triumph and tragedy
Another good "Doomer" novel
Out of the ashes
Unconvincing attempt at chick lit
Heather Graham delivers another hit!
Most refreshing!
Great wrap-up to the series - wish there could be more!
Excellent and Entertaining
Splendid historical!!
A treat for fashion fans!
Not for true Christians
The sparks fly!
Disappointing
Wonderful Civil War Romance!
Analyze this?
A very nice set
Disappointing
Dry and boring
Great autobio of a great champion
Entertaining read and a treat for skating fans
A story of people who stayed human in a world of monsters
An inspiring story of one woman's human decency
The best of the series thus far!
Yet another attempt to cash in on the saga
Essential for historians and a priceless piece of Americana
Good unless you're a fan of the original series
For mothers and daughters, or your circle of friends
Good, but still disappointing
A let down from an otherwise talented writer
Bad, horrid, and awful
At last, we're inside Raistlin's head.....
Refreshingly good
Surprisingly good!
Hot, sexy, and HILARIOUSLY funny!!!
Good, but increasingly not for children
Good, but increasingly not for children
Dr. Mendelsohn dares to tell the truth
Excellent for the beginning seamstress
"Historical" really isn't correct here....
Good reading, although the judging system has changed
A must have for the techno illiterate....
Same info as their website for free
Should be required reading from the age one begins reading
A disappointment
Five paws up!
Great book for entertaining!
Could be subtitled "Decorating for Dummies."
Jeffries does it again!
Birth as it should be!
Great book for neophytes
Is Rowling suffering from her success?
Too funny not to be true
Excellent bridal resource
Five purrs!
Obvious bias and hardly factual
Great book for keeping up with the uppercrust
Not as romantic or sexy as some of Ms. Henke's books
Excellent work by a leader in the home birth movement
Birth as it should be
Fabulous, sexy romance!
Intriguing account of a fascinating woman's life
Fantastic thriller!
Don't miss the "Flowers of the West"
Excellent resource and much-needed comfort
Exciting, truthful account of our present loss of freedom
A great read about a great champion!
Another fine Native American novel
Disappointing
Interesting look behind the scenes in this sport
Essential for any woman looking for a serious relationship
Sabrina Jeffries delivers to her fans once again!
This is, at best, a collection of news stories
Fair and unbiased account of this talented athlete
Read it before you leave, and if you already have
More fabulous historical "fiction" from this fine author
Gritty, realistic account of anorexia
A good resource, BUT...
Realistic approach to anorexia
Don't look away, read this!
Excellent and as much fun to read as really doing it!
Troiani's artwork puts you in the middle of the action
Mr. Davis does it again!
Excellent advice for abuse victims
Not truly useful for a writer
Wonderful edition of God's word!
Excellent guidebook
Another good read from Salvatore
Frank approach of what it's like to live with an ED
Splendid presentation on women soldiers
Mr. Davis delivers again!
Validation for emotional abuse victims at last!
Good, but biased
Decent, but stereotypical
Good resource for aspiring writers
Yet another attempt.....
More religious gloom and doom
An excellent how-to
Disapppointing
An excellent analysis of the man and his time
Excellent analysis of this form of abuse
Good, realistic account, but may be triggering
Great fictional account of the war as it might have been!
Essential for reenactors portraying a woman in the ranks
Disappointing
Still one of the best Civil War romances ever
The book's fault is that it's too brief
More gore disguised as romance
Engaging series, although not Paxson's best
Truthful and frank memoir of the president, by the president
Not as good as "Captive Passions"
Better than the first in the series!
Sexy, breathtaking adventure!
Priceless Piece of Americana
Rollicking good adventure!
Herbert set a standard
Epic romance at its best!
Fabulously funny and sadly true....
Excellent resource!
Whether you agree with his politics or not....
Fabulous account of the War
Most excellent and funny!
Excellent bio
The sad truth....
Great femme fiction!
McCaffrey's classic stands the test of time
The Science Fiction Romance genre did NOT begin in the 1990s
Should be required reading for every bride.....
Fabulous romance and ACCURATE history
A must-read for every girl...and woman....
Well-intentioned but too simplistic and possibly dangerous
Wonderful historical fiction!
Great Heather Graham!
Major disappointment in this series
In a word, EPIC
This is Rice's best work
Great history of a war that's been largely ignored!
Tedious
One word, folks: CLASSIC
Entertaining but a few disappointments....
Move over, Lestat.....
Most enjoyable romance
The All-time greatest vampire novel
Found it a bit improbable...
Do your homework before you write historicals
Nothing new or exciting
Disappointing
A bit cliched
Emotional, educational, and entertaining!
More irksome preaching from a doctor who isn't!
Disappointing
For hardcore fans only who like endless detail
Great chick lit from a great writer
Hard to accept this as fiction
better titled How to Ruin A Marriage
The Queen of Horror does it again!
Heartbreaking
Fabulous fantasy!
Buy it only for the photos - otherwise don't waste your time
I wish zero stars were possible
Rebel yells! Fabulous!
Good, but Freeman's multi-volume work is still the best
Well researched and written
Fabulous retelling of Cynthia Ann Parker's story
A wild, wonderful read!!!
Great, but too much Richard
Major disappointment in this series
Wonderful coming of age novel!
Excellent tale of war on the home front
Fans of this series won't be disappointed!!
Great story - only one flaw
Well.....
Disappointing
SEXY and HOT!
A great read!
