"There was nothing about the law that I cherished anymore."
Nothing in this place is as it seems.
"I wanted everything to be ordinary again."
"The ends of the circle are no longer meeting."
Madriani tackles a hopeless case.
All the lonely people....
"Work hard, be nice."
Too much of a good thing.
An ounce of prevention.
Hard times in the Big Easy.
Never forgive, never forget.
Good soap opera, weak mystery.
Frayed white-collar workers.
DNA as destiny.
A tragic loss of innocence.
Desperately seeking T-Rex.
"All life stories end in the middle."
Big trouble for a Boston lawyer.
Love, death, and heartache.
Are two sleuths better than one?
"It rose from the desert like a second sun."
"Things are just so much weirder than we can know."
Hip and hilarious.
David fights Goliath.
Shadowing  a ghostly killer.
The only person you can control is yourself.
"Laws without morals are useless."
She sees dead people.
The magic continues.
"Midas" is golden.
Trouble in paradise.
A psychopath's wild murder spree.
Dexter is distracted.
"Seeking truth to protect life."
A bully bites the dust.
Fifty ways to fix your writing.
The prosecutor becomes the persecuted.
"The hardest part of killing is living with it after."
Sad saga of a family's suffering.
An ethical prosecutor makes waves.
A potpourri of pathology.
"Dreams are speech from the unconscious mind."
Ripped from the headlines.
This town is a tinderbox.
Tempe tackles a biblical enigma.
An Italian Nancy Drew goes sleuthing.
Reacher seeks justice in America's heartland.
Not for the faint-hearted.
"Closure would close nothing, just open new doors."
Reaching "the high wisdom that only the fallen know."
"She knows!"
An engaging, low-key murder mystery.
"In life and in nature, darkness always waits."
The brave new world of medicine.
A twisted tale of corruption, sadism, and murder.
A zesty saga about the making of a legend.
"Divorced, disbarred, and destitute."
Seeking justice in an unjust world.
"The icon carries death in its wake."
"It is a Pandora's box, and it has been opened."
Power, greed, politics and murder.
Murder as a family affair.
Be careful what you drink.
Overwrought and overly complicated thriller.
The past comes back to haunt a young couple.
"Genocide by neglect."
"The important thing is to survive."
A dizzying book.
Pleasant but bland.
"When sorrows come, they come . . . in battalions."
"Who will guard the guards?"
Murder in Hawaii.
"Can analysis lead to paralysis?"
Nowhere to hide.
Trust no one.
I'm chuffed (happy) that Havers and Lynley are back.
A look at the seamier side of Scotland.
Rethinking the obvious.
A clever vanishing act.
Compton scores again.
A child's illness tears a family apart.
Being a yuppie has its downside.
Dark tale of blighted lives.
Silva is superb.
Book clubs as group therapy.
On the run from an unseen enemy.
What you don't know can hurt you.
"Nothing human is alien to me."
Cubicle dwellers, unite!
Seeing the big picture.
Self-help for teens.
Wonderful debut novel.
Innocent victim or femme fatale?
So tedious, it's criminal.
Molto bene.
Bibliophiles rejoice!
Appearances can be deceiving.
A "Poe-pourri" of murder and intrigue.
"We're defined by what we hide from the world."
Brilliant, chilling, and unforgettable.
Death takes no holiday.
Defending a priest in trouble.
A misanthrope's delight.
Close but no cigar.
"You don't keep secrets. Secrets keep you."
A passion for punctuation.
Trish Maguire has her hands full.
A quiet coming-of-age story.
Cutting to the chase.
Life inside the hot zone.
Good escapist entertainment.
In a class by herself.
No page turner.
Byzantine mystery about a fifty-eight year old massacre.
Can hope and love defeat terror and hatred?
A kaleidoscope of intrigue, arson, and murder.
Living in a dream world.
Madman vs. the free world.
A touch of evil.
A powerful and engrossing domestic drama.
Seeking closure in a friend's death.
Things fall apart.
Scottish sleuth generates few sparks.
Death in Dublin.
A life of love and pain.
James Bond, Asian style.
"Whatever we achieve...we stand on their shoulders."
A complex tale of greed, blackmail, and murder.
Charting the downward spiral of American politics.
Exhausting thriller.
Wrenching domestic drama.
The big bad HMO again.
Depressing story of domestic violence.
Macabre novel about a ruthless killer.
Good summer read.
Superb character study of a man of honor.
"My mind takes flight like a butterfly."
Finding justice on the mean streets of Los Angeles.
Run-of-the-mill thriller.
Murder most foul in the 87th Precinct.
A tense and gripping mystery.
Justice more than sixty years too late.
Deftly depicted doppelganger.
R is for romance, sort of.
A house to die for.
From idealism to disillusionment.
The brave new world of love.
A deadly game of chess.
Baby, it's cold outside.
Fighting the fascists of fat.
Studying old bones for clues in a macabre case.
Cuckoo's nest redux.
The lives and loves of New York sophisticates.
For the love of the game.
Testosterone-laden thrill ride.
Powerful blend of pathos, humor, and honesty.
The past comes back to haunt us.
Bad writing sinks this thriller.
Psycho anthropologists on the rampage.
Carnage in Michigan.
Dour novel about a family's long-buried secret.
Murder in Victorian London.
&quot;When sorrows come, they come . . . in battalions.&quot;
Good beginning, weak ending.
Another charming entry in a delightful series.
"Jane Austen all the time."
We have met the enemy and they are us.
Keeping up appearances is hard work.
An American Ruth Rendell.
The Poet resurfaces.
All about Eve.
A spunky heroine gets in over her head.
Psychologist, heal thyself.
&quot;Everybody's doing it.&quot;
Murder and madness in Istanbul.
Sumptuous blend of history, art, and romance.
An old murder stirs up memories.
Sad tale of a family of strangers.
Great characters are undermined by an average plot.
Danger as an aphrodisiac.
Orthodox Judaism and the modern world.
Lots of action,  threadbare plot.
A spy thriller on overdrive.
"There is no change without sacrifice."
Poignant and powerful look at modern suburbia.
Sisterhood is powerful.
Too many plots spoil the thriller.
"Anything is possible in the BookWorld."
An arsonist is on the loose.
On the trail of a Nazi war criminal.
An author remembers her adolescence in the outback.
Old crimes are never forgotten.
Life and death in a small town.
To see or not to see.
Crime and punishment in San Francisco.
A trivial game turns deadly.
Clear, compassionate, and thorough guide.
Lyrical, haunting, and heartbreaking.
Macabre, gory, and funny.
Spy vs. spy in corporate America.
Two detectives go after a serial killer.
McBain takes on the music industry.
The high price of beauty.
A Minnesota detective seeks her missing husband.
Lew's not macho, but he gets the job done.
Arthur Conan Doyle meets Joseph Bell.
A tough journalist looks into a death penalty case.
Beautiful people in danger.
The one before &quot;The Da Vinci Code.&quot;
Medical mischief wreaks havoc with people's lives.
Slow-moving &quot;Mommy-Track&quot; mystery.
Trouble comes to Nation County, Iowa.
Tepid mystery about murder in a museum.
Provocative and thought-provoking exploration of ethics.
Witty and psychologically fascinating mystery.
Pandemonium in the public library.
Medicine and politics make strange bedfellows.
Armageddon in the Middle East.
Jealousy and passion lead to murder.
A babysitter and her two charges mysteriously disappear.
Strange and somber Scarpetta novel.
Lost at sea with a Bengal tiger.
A reporter investigates an old man's death.
Disgraced Secret Service agents seek vindication.
A confusing mishmash with a very weird ending.
Singing the second wife blues.
Poignant story of a family in crisis.
On the trail of a twisted killer.
An American tragedy.
Skullduggery in the FBI.
Spy versus spy.
An elderly Nazi seeks revenge.
A terrifying killer teams up with terrorists.
Greed, murder and biopiracy in the Amazon.
Killer and sleuths match wits in this exciting thriller.
Marrying for love or money.
An autistic boy tries to make sense of his world.
A dying man wants to clear his name.
Matchmaker, matchmaker, make me a match.
A satirical look at the publishing industry.
One of Gerritsen's best novels.
A book about the hubris of scientists.
A man tries to escape his past.
A poetic look at the art of healing.
Murder in a rehabilitation center.
Terrorism in a television newsroom.
Too many secrets, lies, and red herrings.
Controversial tale of twisted love and obsession.
An explosive secret leads to death and destruction.
On the trail of a sadistic killer.
How to establish, maintain, and restore a good marriage.
A delightful confection from a very talented author.
Marrying for love or money.
Bennie Rosato is in hot water.
Witty romp about a social misfit's metamorphosis.
A tedious, rambling and unfocused novel.
A spirtual army fights for Jewish souls.
A quirky book about an unusual young man.
Ben Kincaid tries to stop an execution.
A chilling book about a madman bent on revenge.
A mother is baffled by her unusual child.
A beautiful woman disappears without a trace.
Looking at the murky world of journalistic ethics.
Precious Ramotswe is worried.
Precious Ramotswe has a great deal on her mind.
The further adventures of Mma Ramotswe.
Charming and insightful sleuth plies her trade.
A thoughtful novel about a marriage in disarray.
A reassuring and compassionate book.
Unusual novel about the mysteries of life and death.
A protector learns the meaning of fear.
A deadly fire throws a family into chaos.
Jack Reacher tries to settle an old score.
A distraught father seeks his missing daughter.
Harry Bosch tackles an old case that still haunts him.
Episodic novel about the lives of West Bank settlers.
A mysterious vaccine may be a breakthrough or a hoax.
Genetic tampering has horrifying results.
Marrying for the wrong reasons leads to sorrow.
A lawyer is gunned down and Madriani investigates.
Murder and mayhem in San Francisco.
Bizarre tale of twisted psyches and perverted love.
Terrorism once again threatens world peace.
Colorful background about two great museums.
A mysterious syndrome endangers a group of firefighters.
Fast moving, exciting and controversial spy thriller.
Dr. Strange investigates death by neurotoxin.
Intrigue and murder in the Florida Keys.
A  morality tale about greedy and unscrupulous lawyers.
The deaths of two young boys hit "close to home."
Terrific thriller and one of the nastiest villains ever.
Stunning and complex novel of psychological suspense.
A terrifying conspiracy endangers mankind.
Strategies to help children reach their potential.
Fat Ollie and friends in the big bad city.
One can smile and smile and be a villain.
A memoir of a young woman's mental illness and self-hatred.
Twists and turns abound in this entertaining legal thriller.
Pedestrian and predictable medical thriller.
An excellent study of the many aspects of suicide.
Exciting but illogical page-turner.
America, the land of the fat.
A starlet is accused of murdering her husband.
Bittersweet and unusual story about life, love and music.
A sordid and  convoluted story about a troubled family.
A couple must make a difficult choice.
Powerful philosophical work about man's relationship to God.
Uncompromising and unforgettable.
Life is not mathematics.
A bland story about the murder of a prominent politician.
An original, quirky and entertaining book.
"A respected physician is accused of homicide."
Gritty and hard-hitting police procedural.
A refreshing look at life, love and starting over.
Occasional brilliance lights up an otherwise tedious novel.
Nanoparticles run amok.
A man on death row may be innocent.
Sordid tale of torture, murder and revenge.
A scientist's meddling puts him in danger.
Kinsey Millhone investigates an unsolved murder.
Charming and lighthearted Christmas tale.
A hilarious and moving book about a guilt-ridden mother.
Sprawling generational saga about a tragic family.
True crime reporter investigates a mysterious death.
Poignant account of a teacher's work with troubled children.
A nail-biter that will have you reading into the night.
Complicated thriller about murder and betrayal.
Frightening tale of scientific experimentation.
Superb novel about a series of mysterious deaths.
A judge disappears and the FBI pursues her abductor.
Touching story of a woman's journey to hell and back.
A gripping psychological horror story and medical thriller.
Sordid tale of a priest accused of murder.
Top-Notch Tanenbaum
A cryptic novel that explores the value of a life.
A disquieting sequel to "The Surgeon."
Murder and deception tear a family apart.
A successful TV reporter's mistake costs her dearly.
Former FBI agent goes on the hunt again.
An excellent thriller by a talented new author.
Psychiatrist, heal thyself.
Brilliant psychological and medical mystery.
Tempe Brennan investigates horrors in Guatemala.
Poignant tale of the connection between life and death.
Ambitious, sprawling novel about Buffalo in the early 1900s.
Depressing tale about a mentally ill woman and her family.
Erotic tale of psychosis and obsession.
Poignant and witty novel about people needing people.
This self-conscious and cutesy novel has little to say.
Jack Reacher is back and he's better than ever.
Colorful, humorous and entertaining legal thriller.
Another charming novel from the talented Jeanne Ray.
Murder and mayhem in Michigan.
A so-so mystery that lacks the wit of its predecessors.
A suspenseful novel about rape, murder and retribution.
Psychotic killer terrorizes a small Alaskan town.
Brilliant tale of dysfunction, deception and death.
A female lawyer trails a dangerous stalker.
Unauthorized research has fatal consequences.
Secrets from the past poison a couple's relationship.
Female assassin leads cops on a deadly chase.
A family is torn apart by terrors from the past.
Wrenching look at the aftermath of an act of terror.
Guilt-ridden sibling vows to avenge her sister's death.
This poweful novel explores the dark side of human nature.
A poignant and compassionate novel from Anita Shreve
Workmanlike mystery with a familiar theme.
A poorly constructed novel with no central focus.
A young mother faces overwhelming tragedies.
Two brothers are on the run in this amateurish thriller.
A peek at the lifestyles of the rich and selfish.
A timely but ordinary spy thriller about the Middle East.
Muddled mystery with a far-fetched conclusion.
Conspiracies and cover-ups abound in this complex thriller.
An unusual and controversial Holocaust memoir.
A deep and disquieting novel of unusual power.
Touching novel about grief, betrayal and redemption.
An entertaining, complex and muti-layered spy thriller.
Depressing novel about a family mired in poverty.
A soporific tale about the pernicious effects of greed.
A former con man describes common frauds and scams.
A psychoanalyst is threatened by an unknown stalker.
Adorable confection about star-crossed lovers.
A tale of depravity, duplicity and death in a small village.
Exciting and complex medical and legal thriller.
Funny and entertaining &quot;Mommy-Track&quot; mystery
Suspense novel that will keep you guessing until the end.
A gripping novel of psychological suspense.
Conventional medical thriller about gene transfer.
A lawyer sticks her neck out in search of justice.
Tempe is terrific
Matt Scudder investigates the murder of a wealthy couple.
Diamant celebrates the joys of female bonding.
A superb psychological thriller.
A testosterone-laden thriller that is a macho man's dream.
A disappointing mystery about dysfunctional families.
A promising thriller that fades at the end.
A psychological thriller that explores fantasy vs. reality.
A melodramatic tale of sexual obsession and madness.
Timely novel about the consequences of greed.
Another stunning novel by the inimitable Peter Robinson.
&quot;Found Money&quot; begins well but falters at the end.
Alex and Mike investigate the death of a college professor.
Monk investigates the murder of two beautiful women.
Chilling tale of an eight-year-old murderer.
A riveting collection from a master storyteller.
A young doctor tries to bring down a villainous HMO.
Is revenge ever justified, legally and/or morally?
Sean Dillon opposes a ruthless family bent on revenge.
Pedestrian combination of thriller and romance.
A tragic secret is revealed, changing a small town forever.
Sassy sequel to &quot;Compromising Positions&quot;.
A tacky and deritative medical thriller without any thrills.
The San Francisco DA is caught in a compromising position.
A convoluted legal thriller that goes nowhere.
Gail Connor tries to free her client from Death Row.
A serial kill mutilates and slaughters female victims.
A tepid and muddled mystery with cardboard characters.
A sassy, streetwise and suspenseful thriller.
Jack Reacher takes on the right wing militia.
Inspector Banks investigates the murder of a constable.
Peter Robinson's first novel in a great series.
Jack Reacher's debut novel.
Conventional medical thriller about bioengineering.
Obsession leads to madness and murder.
A small town is shocked by a school shooting spree.
A grisly tale of a mass murderer.
A witty, tongue-in-cheek romp.
&quot;The Jury&quot; is a tepid and disappointing legal thriller.
Slow-moving and unsatisfying Jack Reacher novel.
Quirky characters inhabit a Baltimore row house.
A family struggles to survive under horrid conditions.
A gripping story of madness and revenge.
Three stories of female angst.
Moody and atmospheric story within a story.
A Jewish woman's struggle to survive in Poland during WW II.
An excellent Inspector Banks mystery.
Banks investigates the murder of a teenaged schoolgirl.
A fine Duncan Kincaid/Gemma James mystery.
A thriller with attitude.
Another formulaic novel by Mary Higgins Clark.
Murder in a theological college.
Another engrossing Inspector Banks mystery.
Ben Kincaid is back with another seriocomic thriller.
An excellent mystery and a fascinating character study.
A powerful novel of love, loss and tragedy.
A murder mystery with a difference.
Sad book about two lonely sisters drifting through life.
An entertaining Gideon Oliver mystery set in France.
A run-of-the-mill legal thriller.
Moving novel about intergenerational relationships.
Starts well but fades towards the end.
Brava, Scottoline!
A psychological novel aboul love, loneliness and betrayal.
An evocative and poignant coming-of-age novel.
Thoughtful novel of politics, law and ethics.
A weak medical thriller with many logical flaws.
The agonizing story of a dysfunctional Chinese family.
Excellent memoir of an abused daughter who triumphs.
A novel about difficult choices one makes in life.
Sir John and Jeremy track a band of vicious robbers.
A fascinating, wrenching and daring novel.
Earthy book about people reaching out to others.
Episodic novel tracing a painting's ownership.
Sharp and witty satire of presidential politics.
Complicated medical thriller with a Native American theme.
Cold War novel that fizzles.
Can the world be saved?
Complicated thriller that unravels at the end.
Exciting, but not always logical, thriller from Lee Child.
An engrossing police procedural in the British tradition.
Superb story about the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust.
A fine overview of good writing.
Life in the Virginia mountains in the forties.
Enjoyable, albeit melodramatic, novel of the future.
Engrossing novel of psychological suspense.
449 pages, mostly talk and very little action.
A thought-provoking psychology book , not a diet book.
I love Banks, but this mystery is less than enthralling.
Not one of Robinson's best.
Not too original, but engrossing nonetheless.
&quot;I Capture the Castle&quot; is a charming and whimsical novel.
A weak thriller with no character development.
Another entertaining installment in the Karp-Ciampi series.
George shows the dark side of British education.
A heartbreaking account of a terrible tragedy.
Not up to Elizabeth George's usual standard.
Lipman's wit sparkles but the plot falters at the end.
A horrible tragedy tears two families apart.
An excellent police procedural in the British tradition.
Exciting thriller with a wonderful main character.
An engrossing mystery by a talented writer.
Historical fiction about the dark days of the Inquisition.
An interesting take on how to handle troublesome people.
Nicely written legal thriller with a surprising twist.
Brave or foolhardy? Man's attempts to climb Everest.
A poignant, touching and inspiring memoir.
This is a witty, insightful and intelligent novel.
Enchanting novel about the Dutch Mona Lisa.
A journalistic look at a meterological nightmare.
Episodic tales of a woman's life and loves.
A touching generational story about a family in torment.
&quot;The Ladies' Man&quot; is a hilarious romp.
A thriller about the lifestyles of the rich and vicious.
A cross between Catch-22 and Zorba the Greek.
A fine debut novel by a talented writer.
Holds the readers interest, although the plot is shaky.
&quot;The Patient&quot; is an exciting medical thriller.
&quot;Alias Grace&quot; is a mesmerizing tour de force.
This book has sharp dialogue and a fast-paced plot.
Fascinating story of spousal abuse and its aftermath.
Introspective portrait of a woman trying to find herself.
Starts promisingly but ends with a thud.
A tidy and clever legal thriller.
It starts out well, but is ultimately disappointing.
Wooden dialogue and cliche-ridden plot mar this thriller.
New York ambiance and snappy dialogue, but the plot falters.
Humorous dialogue makes up for a less than stellar plot.
Suspenseful, macabre novel about a sociopath.
A heavy-handed and predictable novel.
Engrossing at times, but the ending is weak.
A little too long, with big plot holes at the end.
This is a poorly plotted novel with weak dialogue.
An unusual book, engrossing but manipulative.
Powerfully written book about a woman in torment.
Held my interest, but the plot has some weaknesses.
Smart, sassy, clever satire. Great departure for Grisham.
A creepy, chilling novel with a surprise twist at the end.
Engrossing thriller with some interesting twists and turns.
Poetic and disturbing analysis of a man's tortured life.
The usual serial killer whodunit.
Nobody does it  better.
A workmanlike novel by an experienced mystery writer.
An impressive debut novel.
Formulaic novel.
Imaginative and exciting, but flawed novel.
Intelligent and fast-paced thriller.
An evocative, fascinating story of forbidden love.
A workmanlike mystery but devoid of excitement.
Exciting, fast-paced medical thriller.
Very high-tech thriller with some melodrama thrown in.
An exciting, intriguing and fast-paced thriller.
Exotic, complicated, nicely written thriller.
This book  is a disappointment for fans of Turow.
This book is too long, too convoluted and too dour.
McCourt is a great storyteller in the Irish tradition.
An easy-to-take mystery with a crew of quirky characters.
A flawed, but interesting, legal thriller.
This book is better than &quot;Midwives&quot;.
This book is as dull as dishwater.
This is an exciting, engrossing and original story.
Bohjalian has written a thought-provoking book.
An imaginative, rich and original book.
Crombie has talent, but she breaks no new ground.
This book is interesting from a medical standpoint only.
&quot;Election&quot; is right on target.
This is a weak and imitative pseudo-thriller.
A humorous look at a serious disease.
This book is a big disappointment.
This is a controversial book that resonated in my mind.
This book starts off well but the ending is flat.
An engrossing thriller that falls apart at the end.
An imaginative, albeit amateurish, debut.
A first-rate novel of psychological suspense.
This is an exotic, senstitive and lyrical book.
This is an enthralling, well-written and touching book.
A touching book about making your life count.
