A surprising choice for Middle School students!
The last book in the series published before her death.
Being a boy!
Perhaps Tarkington's best novel.
Superb use of understatement.
So far, of all the ones in the series I've read, the best.
Are we seeing double; or is Miles split?
Palace intrigues on a martial planet.
A beautiful novel recommended to all serious students.
Miles Vorkosigan begins his legendary career.
Honor in the enemy.
Can Miles survive being a weather officer?
A planet needing to reproduce but where women are forbidden.
Who actually own genetically engineered products?
A collection of short stories in the Vorkosigan series.
Can a world be based on dispossession?
The 1996 Nebula Award winner.
A celebration of the power of women.
The classic first novel of a noted fantasy series.
A trek to question one's perceptions.
Setting each other free.
Why is magic disappearing?
A magnificent presentation by a skilled author.
Very useful for those interest in oxide properties.
A terrific collection.
The beginning book of the famous Foundation series.
Asimov's final novel.
Boys will be boys!
Not worth your time.
The search for man's origins; for Earth.
The coda!
The start of a new trilogy.
Boring.
Not worth your while.
The search for the Second Foundation.
One of the classics of 1940s and 1950s science fiction.
Excellent short science fiction
Attacks on the Foundation!
Life in central Florida.
The oldest complete book.
The earliest quest for immortality.
Did Martin choose correctly?
Speculative fiction about a nurse in Vietnam.
Aircraft construction and journalists with their own agenda.
Now at last they were beginning Chapter One...
The first book published in the Narnia series.
To see the mote in one's own eye!
The importance of parents!
The Prince attempts to regain his throne.
The quest to warn Narnia and to find one's origin.
One of the major influences of modern literature.
Facing and conquering personal demons.
A spiritual journey.
A story of India.
Compassion for the dead and the folly of war.
The folly of war: will Athens listen?
Sexual harassment and corporate politics.
A lesser-known play of Euripides.
A techno-mystery.
The innocent are the victims of war.
Entropy and the vanquished.
A novel of a tenth century Islam diplomat and Vikings.
A very nice example of historical fiction
A question in bioethics.
Uncontrolled genetic engineering.
A wandering mind can be a dangerous thing.
An introduction to communication and animal behavior.
Malevolent plants in a world gone blind.
War and loss driving Hecuba mad.
Crane's classic study of the effects of war on a young man.
The madness brought on to Heracles.
Chrichton's first novel.
The madness brought upon Heracles.
One of the top ten novels of the 19th century.
One of the saddest love stories in literature.
Euripides' version of the revenge of Agamemnon's murder.
A major novel in the history of science fiction.
The best known tragedy of Euripedes.
Who's going to do it [make it better]? Not the mayor.
A study in pride.
A classic western.
The four non-Theban plays of Sophocles.
Men come and go, but earth abides.
A play of intrigue.
A classic of the twentieth century.
Perhaps the poorest of Sophocles' plays.
A classic western.
A play of revenge.
The four non-Theban plays of Sophocles.
A noted collection of short stories.
On skin pigmentation.
A study in mob psychology.
An introduction to facts about the sun.
A beautiful study of man and nature.
&quot;...time awakened again and moved sluggishly on.&quot;
Finding a reason to live.
Two great novels.
The return to one's roots.
The role of environment.
A capsule of life in a small community during World War II.
One of the classic western novels.
A supplementary volume about the properties of the sun.
How stars are formed and their ultimate fate.
What was Clytemnestra's real reason?
Will the blind and banished Oedipus find a haven?
The only surviving Greek trilogy.
Will Creon relent before it's too late?
The irony of fate.
Three classics of Greek drama.
The love of wolves.
The first play based on recent history.
Force vs. altruism.
The irony of fate.
A brief introduction for children of stellar evolution.
Sisters fleeing cousins.
The first great history text.
When the gods send destruction there is no escape.
A classic tale that most thoroughly enjoy.
The galaxies presented for young students.
Asimov on galaxies for kids.
The Shakespeare/Fletcher version of the Chaucer tale.
The first in the famous John Carter of Mars series.
Ralph wept for the end of innocence
A good science fiction adventure for youth.
A good science fiction adventure for youth, even if dated.
Two good sci-fi adventures, even if outdated.
A good science fiction yarn for youth, even if dated.
When you call me that, smile!
A good sci-fi yarn for youth, albeit dated,
The second in the Starr series of sci-fi novels for youth.
The third volume in the humorous SF series for children.
The first two tales in the funny Norby series.
The 3rd and 4th books in the Norby series.
The seventh book in the sci-fi series for youth.
The first of the Starr series of science fiction for youth.
An enjoyable hard-boiled, detective novel.
The first in The Norby series for juveniles.
The ninth book in the humorous series.
A humorous science fiction tale for juveniles.
Caught in 18th century France.
The first Spur winner of a noted western author.
The tenth book in the humorous sci-fi series for youth.
The 6th book in the SF series for youth.
The 4th book in the funny science fiction series.
The first Spur winner.
We shall meet in the place where there is no darkness.
The &quot;prequel&quot; to the most famous trilogy in fantasy.
Can a pearl bring happiness?
One of the classics of the twentieth century.
One of the most influential novels of the 20th century.
The earliest Lost World tale of dinosaurs in modern times.
An excellent presentation of the Iroquois.
How can we get Owen to give up his blanket?
A great classic.
A great adventure in space and time.
Hug after hug after hug!
Preparations for a cannon shot to the moon.
An excellent translation
A major classic and influence on later literature.
Will all return safely?
How would you respond to being invisible?
A classic play introducing robots.
A classic tale most will enjoy.
The need for an ethics in any inquiry or research.
A magnificent allegory.
Poe's only novel.
A classic adventure tale that established Verne as a writer.
A beautifully illustrated edition of this famous tale.
Careful! You may miss what you leave behind.
It is so nice to sit in the bathtub!
A beautifully research presentation of this famous tale.
In order to understand, the whole has to be perceived.
A beautiful presentation of a famous tale.
The first book in a classic series.
The Ingalls family return to prairie life.
The life of a boy on a farm in New York in the 1860s.
A famous tale of Eastern Europe.
A familiar but not-familiar tale.
A memorable walk in the woods.
Finding courage within oneself.
A simple book of the love of little children.
Can the town and the families survive such a hard winter?
Comments on imagination by the first Nobel Laureate.
The life of a child in a migrant family.
This has become a major Christmas classic!
A night out on the town with frogs.
A classic tale still going strong.
Reaching one's goals.
The only book to win both the Newbery and the Caldecott!
Boy, I would love to play this game.
How dreams can make you fly!
A delightful trickster story.
A beautiful biography of Galileo.
A classic Christmas story.
The tale of a mouse with inner strength.
A comment from a 50-year-old on this series.
Hilarious for children of all ages
OK! Where's that little duck??
What's wrong with being curious?
A beautiful description of life in the mountains.
The famous story of a disobedient Peter.
Can the wind be a partner?
Becoming friends.
Will Sarah stay?
Will the great Bellini overcome his fear?
The tale of the Raven and the Sun.
A celebration of music!
The story of Wilson Bentley and snowflakes.
And the world started getting smaller!
An ABC book which uses the letters themselves as examples.
Stay with your buddy!
A true story of survival.
What will Jonas do with these memories?
A fresh translation of this famous tale.
A beautiful interplay of four stories.
The story of a slow puppy and his brothers.
The alphabet is all around us.
A new &quot;talltale.&quot;
Spenser's &quot;The Faerie Queen&quot;
Life in a pond.
Different shapes result in different animals.
Is the baby sleeping?
What a great book!
The life of the 16th U.S. president.
Two boys escape the castle and travel in the real world.
How simple lamplighting helps the community.
A child's view of Los Angeles riots.
Between lightness and dark.
Mike and his shovel find a use.
Prayers by different animals on Noah's ark.
The account of the Norse discovery of North America.
The wanderings and adventures of Odysseus.
A colorful counting book.
A biography that won the Newbery Medal.
A magical summer!
Monica Shannon's story of a boy who wants to be a sculptor.
Life in China in the 1920s.
A very nice biography of Audubon.
Will Adam find his father and his pet in medieval England?
A biography of Louisa May Alcott
A teenager at the start of the American Revolution
Science is fun!
What are we to do with all of these penguins?
Will Edward be able to defend his home?
The legend of the founding of the Hungarian nation.
The pride of Agamemnon and Achilles.
A classic alphabet book.
The story of some dolls and their doll house.
The story of a Navajo boy.
The story of a young French emigrant in colonial America.
One of the classics of 19th century science fiction.
Irish folktales
How a cat received the blessing of Buddha.
So many cats! What are we to do?
&quot;Only the unsubduable can be loved&quot;
A classic tale of medieval Europe.
Can one's characteristics be individualized like this?
An England after some catastrophic event
A collection of &quot;folk tales&quot; about the Chinese.
The story of a carrier pigeon.
An excellent book about a Western horse.
Can 19th century tech. overcome feudalism and the nobility?
The finest satirical novel written.
A classic tale that lifts up one's spirit
Victor is the real monster!
A terrific prose translation
&quot;You gotta have a swine to show you where the truffles are.&quot;
A great book for pre-schoolers
Will her strawberrys get stolen?
Can Philip get away from the mutineers?
Nineteen folktales of South and Central America
Original fables that children will love.
An overview of all of man's history.
The classic first short stories in the robot series.
An introduction to Greek mythology.
&quot;Passed By Here&quot;
Friends come in all kinds!
The last man on Earth talks to the first man, Adam.
Going...going...gone!
Noah and his task.
Playing jazz on a trumpet no one else sees.
Life in the desert.
A Pueblo Indian tale.
A talking bone!
A treasure in an unexpected place.
Terrific translations and commentaries on four plays.
Twenty-six tribes of Africa and some of their customs.
Did Fritz really get changed into a duck?
Peoples and their ways of greeting the new day.
Learning language and culture of another people.
A choice between cultures.
A &quot;Hothouse&quot; Earth of the very distant future.
How a farm changes with the seasons
Strega Nona and the magic cooking pot.
Learning to count to ten in Swahili with great drawings.
An excellent translation with annotations.
A beautiful description of cathedral construction.
Why the moon is in the sky!
A superb presentation of the three plays of Aeschylus.
Where are the animals?
This is a great little book for pre-schoolers!
A boy brings unusual guests to royal meals.
Excellent translations of the four non-Oresteian plays.
This judge just won't listen!
The difference between moonshine and reality.
The flights of fancy in a little boy's dream.
The Caldecott winner about a fox who lost its tail.
How is Sylvester going to get back to being a normal donkey?
Fredreick shows us the value of poetry and the arts.
A lad finds people with unusual traits and a flying ship.
Can the house take in one more visitor?
Who will fire the cannon?
The Caldecott winner about the spider man.
Christmas in Mexico
A boy's imagination takes him where the wild thing are.
A song of a fox hunting for its family.
The story of a lion that was once a mouse.
The centuries-old ballad of a frog who courts a mouse.
How Swimmy helps his friends.
The Caldecott winner translated by Marcia Brown
The joy a child has in a snowy day.
A Russian Christmas story.
How measuring can save a worm!
The friendship of a red-headed boy and a red-haired cat.
How a cat is able to get its owner a great fortune.
A boy raises a bear to maturity and grows up himself.
A zoo filled with fanciful animals of the imagination.
Following water from rain drops to the ocean.
Famous and not-so-famous rhymes, many uniquely American.
Look at all the fish you can catch!
A boy and the swallows of San Juan Capistrano.
The power of two little words!
A Caldecott winner about the upcoming winter.
How soup made from stones can feed an entire village.
A &quot;blue&quot; classic about blueberries, bears, and Moms.
A beautiful little prayer for a young child.
A single flower blooming in the woods brings joy.
The effects of winter on the people of a small town.
A little house yearns for the trees and hills of its past.
Two ducks take over a park in Boston!
A classic adventure story of a carved Indian
Excellent annotation and commentaries.
A displaced (in time) tailor, discrimination, and empires
Fantastic recipes of Southern cooking
Easy cooking for singles
Which kitten to keep?
The most famous account of a military withdrawal in history
What would happen if...?
The world of China in the 1930s through the eyes of a child.
Showing the value of trees
Story of an Indian boy and how he saves his tribe.
How a shy boy is able to use his talents.
What can be worse?
Humorous science fiction
An account of a cattle drive from Texas to Nebraska
Children enjoying their grandfather
A great intro. to dimensionality and speculative fiction.
Classic illustrated text for children
An excellent children's book of a West African folk tale.
