A must-have for many reasons and an insight into the creator of the strip
A diverse collection on dating, identity and life for singles over 40
Deserves to become a classic memoir about grief and loss
How this book can help
Not for the impatient - but a wonderful novel by a mature -as in "not young"- writer
May have a limited life span, but that may be good enough
An absolute must-read for the working stiff
Kids and adults both love this one!
Exquisite masterpiece, contains a wide range of artists
A detailed, moving tale of  a man's later years
Honest and heartfelt glimpse into postpartum depression
This one passed the "Italian friend" taste test
A riveting bio from a goofy (and gutsy) woman
I've read tons of parenting memoirs and this is tops!
Perfect for any cook, with food that is yummy and GOOD
Best book EVER on Jean Shepherd and his particular genius
Would this book, with some provocative photos, get published today?
A great aid for understanding theatrical speech
A cautionary tale
This is NOT just a rehash of his earlier book
Best to know your history before you pick up this one
Read this one along with The Sociopath Next Door
Like attending a psychoanalysis session on obesity
The Strangers inside Us
This one could literally save your  life
Cutting edge book is  NOW a movie, approved by Miller
Why this is her best yet
Even covers Welsh!
As of 2005, upt to date info for those on a budget
Why isn't this required reading in high school?
If Mary Poppin could write a "how to" book, this would be it
Focuses on creative and positive ways to look at ADHD
Not enough photos
Couldn't put it down in spite of the contrived ending
Short, concise, clear advice. Can be used by any student
Food  kids will LOVE, if parents can get past any judgements
This book deserves to be reprinted again and again
A book that should be at the top of your reading list
Why I bought this book  (even though I didn't want to)
"Can't put it down" child's view of life in a cult
I have no time to spare and this book is a WINNER for me!
The facts, just the facts...
Finally! Not the "Same old, thing" yet again
Look no more - this one has it all!
The recipes: 4 stars, the stories about recipes - 5 stars!
Laugh out loud funny - and romance with a capital "R"!
Can't go wrong with this one!
True tales of those who reconnected with lost loves
Okay, but not superb
Three basic rules plus some spice and sass
Love words? You gotta read this one! Witty wordsmith!
Quirky, irreverent and funny memoir
A good start...
Recipes - UGH!  Tablescape ideas - Thumbs UP!
Funny, but not for kids
For years, I've been yearning to read a book like this.
A guilty pleasure
The good,  the bad (and some of the ugly too)
Stick with this one...builds slowly, richly, in layers
STILL the best book on the subject - here's why:
Could be better - the good and the bad
Wish they made books about REAL houses that had this detail!
Wow! Why this book is a must-have
Works for ALL budgets and here's why
Especially useful for families with kids
The author takes great risks and pulls it off...Wow!
Writing that is truly among the best - and what a story!
Alternative history only works if the premise is believable
Over the top decorating - and not in a good way
Not what I expected...here's what to know about this one
This sleeper classic tops most books written today
Why you NEED this book
Almost engaging ...but this author has done better
Not bad but there are other options out there
Note to Self: Spread the word about this special thriller!
Worked great with an ESL student who needed detailed info
Riveting medical issues and ethics from a Jewish perspective
Gets you up to speed on protecting your identity
The ONLY book light I'll ever use!
Think you'd NEVER stay with a cheating spouse? Read this one
The ONE decorating book I consider a MUST  - here's why:
Far from perfect but worth buying for some...here's why:
Give this to a young adult BEFORE he/she gets a credit card!
Perfect for those who need a simple, clear financial plan
A MUST-READ, dynamic account from a 12 year old soccer fan
Lean writing and a great mystery that will haunt you
Gaffney just gets better and better
Growing grapes on Long Island?
Three sisters in an amazing and touching comedy of manners
Offers the variety you crave on Atkins!
Among the best books out there on Scottish folklore
I could read anything by this author; this is a favorite!
I could read anything by this author; this is a favorite!
Contains the details, photos that creates authentic style!
What fun.... with wit, intelligence and humor to spare!
Great look at Media policy issues, thought-provoking!
The book that made my son's graduation party a success!
A disappointment
The ONE garden book I couldn't do without
Layer upon layer of mystery makes this one stand out
Why this stands out -  Imagination and creative design!
An indispensable part of my gardening bookhelf
Excellent resource for student actors and their teachers
Why spiritual decluttering leads to an organized home
The people who keep authentic Italian foods alive
Magnificent and detailed Spanish and Portugese architecture
Fascinating look at symbols, myths, rituals in the Southwest
Suggests new ways to think about maximizing room space
Lives up to its promise and the results are (usually) tasty
Goes far beyond the usual American country style
Credible thriller set in the world of air travel
Recipes from the BEST but without the high price tag
Why this one stands out from the rest...
Cute but not in my top 10 of dog memoirs
Not  simply a how-to book on the pros of breastfeeding...
The pros and cons of this one..
A lovely collection perfect for a romantics!
We use this cookbook at least 3 times a week (usually more)
What to know before buying this one
Great book, recently reissued
Can't beat this one for a peek into Hollywood in its heyday!
Jewish women on Mothers and Daughters - a wonderful book!
All the original style of O. Henry with lovely illustrations
Will grab your heart and take it for a full throttle ride...
Almost works but falls flat...
A haunting, evocative portrait of life during and after war
Great for beginning or experienced scholars
Getting UNDER your skin to have better, younger skin
Love and wisdom transmitted by an Italian aunt
Riveting account by an advocate of mental health &amp; analysis
Honest memoir by an early super model
What a time, what a time...before we all melted...
Sure to be a collector's item - Mick Jagger's ex spills all
Okay, here's the real scoop
Timely first person account of life with bipolar illness
Soft, chewy and, most importantly,  DELICIOUS cookies
I've learned so much from this one...
Absolutely top-rate although a change from his usual books
Better than Bridget Jones
Clearly written guide for teens who need to "get it"
Romance, mystery and humor...what more could you ask?
Truly Tempting Tale of Tiffany's Trials  - and salvation?
Perfect gift for both fathers and sons
The ONLY diet book you may ever need
You can't make anything if you can't make mistakes
The humor won't be to everyone's taste but we loved it.
Excellent in many ways
I'm a bit puzzled by all the hype
An endearing portrait of 4 elderly sisters
Living a superficial life is d..mned hard work
Nearly perfect plan for the rest of your life
An insightful look at both the Senate and Johnson
This one will surprise and touch you deeply...
Wonderful guide to painting stunning, realistic flowers
Finally! A clear guide for kids with ADD!
An excellent source of information about medication choices
Great tips for tracking anyone you can't find
An account of following a dream, however risky
A wonderful collection of King's work
Good basic book covers all the important areas
Sure to hold young ones' attention
Patterson's fans won't be disappointed
Turbo-charged thriller, strap on your seat belts!
A diet that's YUMMY, not  dry melba toast and cottage cheese
I DARE you to figure this one out before it ends (you won't)
Can a writer achieve penance and atonement through writing?
Read it  &amp;learn but don't expect the info to be set in stone
Great system for retarding ageing and maintaining vitality
Long overdue look at parenting from the nannys' eyes
Stunning debut by an original new voice in mystery writing
Too much of a rant about Goldberg versus Jennings
Buy this FIRST if you are considering plastic surgery...
Unflinching memoir of early marriage, hard life, courage
A bit like entering the Twilight Zone
A must -read, goes where the movie does not...
A must -read, goes where the movie does not...
All doctors and most parents should read this
How finding 3 million dollars changes people's lives
A writer who can make a whole world out of each short story
Finally, a novel about an older man which is realistic!
Goes far beyond the movie...why you should read the book
Who SHOULD buy this, Who SHOULDN'T
Womens images on magazine covers - more than surface meaning
One to read and re-read
Shows how parents can understand and help children socially
Spend the day reading this one (or several days); a delight!
Kept my interest but not the most gripping of family stories
As a a MID (Menopaus-er in Denial) this book really helped!
Buzz only works with the right products
A parable about many things, best seen as metaphor
A standout for the characters and humor
What a hoot, sure to keep kids' attention - and yours!
A must-read romance series for online users
A &quot;dream come true&quot; ( thorns and all)
Eerily foretells the events to come in the Nazi era
This one will keep you guessing, full of twists, surprises!
Roald Dahl met and interviewed the finder of the treasure
Deserves a wide audience, absolutely charming
Eleven fine books in one volume, great reading &amp; a bargain!
For those who like mystery and food for thought
Read the first couple of pages - you won't be able to stop!
Lieberman, a  character that lives beyond the page!
One of my favorites of the year!
Destroying history in the name of progress
Horror as it SHOULD be written
All you need to make works of art for your floors and walls
All you need to make works of art for your floors and walls
Wonderful quick read - great gift for ages teen to adult!
All you need to make works of art for your floors and walls
Promising, but flawed debut by new writer
I couldn't sleep after reading this one
Out of the &quot;information loop&quot; on the Taliban? Read this!
A glimpse of old New York, inspiring for today's readers
Real, nuts and bolts information about potential dangers
Strong story by the author of Gap Creek
Real, nuts and bolts information about potential dangers
A unique story, powerful and moving
An inspring read worth reading aloud to the entire family
Crazy like a fox
A great read!
Read in one gulp but had some reservations...
A nice, quiet tale about women living the single life
Finally, a comprehensive book on Franciscan dinnerware!
A treasure trove of information for Noritake lovers
A treasure trove of information for Noritake lovers
Classic and unique stories about the art of selling!
The first English edition studying this Jewish dramatist
Emphasizes the spiritual meaning of Bar and Bat Mitzvahs
Pivotal look at spiritual beliefs &amp; values of Baby Boomers
Insight into the personality of a celebrated psychoanalyst
Sweet Nebraska goy looking for meshugenah (wacky)Jewish girl
A strong volume focusing on a western journalist and writer
This book taught me how to take charge of my thryoid disease
A memoir of courage, survival and inspiration for ALL
I'm not a fan of romance novels but this one stands out...
The human face behind the spiritual mentor...
The best I've read in a long time
The best I've read in a long time
TIme-tested...for how long?
Good motivational message plus solid information
Should be read by anyone with a FAMILY business
A male point of view on suburban life, with crime afoot
A male point of view on suburban life, with crime afoot
Timely message and real life examples highlight this one
A mystery starring an endearing stay at home mom -what fun!
A haunting tale that may change your life (as it did mine)
Unbelievable courage in horrorific conditions!
This one ought to be a movie! Romance for 60 year olds...
A romance starring 60 year olds full of zest and passion
Tightly-written, lean and gritty, moves at a lightening pace
Excellent read but a few minor quibbles...
Fast-paced thriller, intense, action-packed
Sure to keep your hands out of the cookie jar!
I loved this one and its a MUST for weight watchers!
Mitchard is back in top form with a story based on her life
When everything is taken away and only the spirit remains...
Tightly written and gripping!
A good first novel from a writer with REAL promise...
Grabs the heart from page ONE!
If  A &quot;Pre-Marriage&quot; Class existed, this would be required!
Lessons for the living from one who is dying
Great choice for Vegetarian Weight Watchers
Nice supplement to Weight Watchers food plan
Nice supplement to Weight Watchers food plan
The proven techniques to Weight loss
A 50's era women proves her mettle!
Minimizes the limitations of apartment living
Good basic reference on American Limoges
A woman who made the most of her skills while staying home
Honest look at risks &amp; rewards of international adoption
Honest look at risks &amp; rewards of international adoption
A fine example of regional writing, focusing on Colorado
Even if you've watched EVERY episode, read this one
Excellent resource for a personalized education
Recommended with a few caveats
Quite good with a warning..
Highly recommended for adoptive parents..and others
MUST reading, even if flawed...
Truly the only book you'll need as a Bar/Bat Mitzvah guide
Don't miss the chance to share this Classic witha child
Starts slowly, then becomes a &quot;can't put down&quot; book
The PERFECT gift for any man! I loved it too...
A must for the lovers of Reynolds Price
What  other reviewers have left out about this one...
What  other reviewers have left out about this one...
What  other reviewers have left out about this one...
More about this one...
What  other reviewers have left out about this one...
What  other reviewers have left out about this one...
What  other reviewers have left out about this one...
The past and present collide, with terrible consequences
Breezy and light, will hold your interest...
An &quot;ACADEMY AWARD WINNER&quot; of books
I'm amazed there's not more in print about this woman!
My favorite book from Reynolds Price
A look at the limits of love, grace and forgiveness...
Love, Grace, forgiveness....in a true crime story
Reveals  the fine line between risk and safety
One of those rare novels that defy categorization
A book full of both despair and hope
FLorida in the 60's, pure nostalgia for those who lived then
As the Parent of a Romanian adoptee...
Good, basic info on the rise of Nazism  and WWII Germany
Tells why cults attract women PRIMARILY from wealthy classes
Focuses not just on a teen but on different women he knows
A long-time marriage runs into a crisis...
Wonderful recipes but please read review if you KEEP KOSHER
History that is more exciting than the best-selling fiction
This one is NOT just for children - read it yourself!
A traumatized woman confronts her demons while living alone
Previously unpublished details of Selznick's life
Previously unpublished details of Selznick's life
An honest, not sentimental, look at an autistic's world
Hilarious, vivid and maybe even a cure for impulse spending?
A priest in crisis and a search for faith; compelling story
The first (and only one I know) study of this playwright
An important book, make your teenagers read it, too!
Truly fun to read, Miss Julia is wonderful and cantankerous
A true MUST-READ and I don't say that often
A fine study of cowby songs, honest and thorough
What is the spirituality of one Jew alone?
Absolutely top-notch! Get your hands on a copy if you can...
Not a travel guide but for pure entertainment - VERY funny
Wonderful writer - this one didn't quite work for me, though
A memoir that is inpiring to read!
I found this to be a totally engrossing, believable tale
If you buy ONE book on advanced breast cancer, buy THIS!
The basis for a minseries on Television; read the book!
Inspirational book fills a gap in Holocaust history
Little know work told from a child's perspective
Gorgeous, full-color book with a wealth of information, pics
Here's why this one STANDS APART from similar books:
Lively memoir of  New England boyhood
A wide variety of both basic and unique recipes
Book publishing for the love of it - how wonderful!
Little know work told from a child's perspective
Read THE QUIET GAME by this author but NOT this one
Says  there aren't always answers but there is always hope
Easily read, but not particularly memorable
Totally engaging,  better than his latest work, 24 hours!
Not what I expected, here's what this book contains
A newcomer lends perspective to the Orthodox Jewish world
Fascinating reading about a special age in television
Definitely worth reading, original, creative writing
The kind of rare book which expands a child's imagination
An impeccable work by a noted historian
One you can sink into and be riveted by!
An absolutely STUNNING book, one of my all-time favorites!
A must even for those who do not like Horror...
A book perfect for the Bar Mitzvah boy or girl, unique!
Great guide for those interested in Vallona Starr
Good Basic Guide
Great close-ups of the marbles!
Fine addition to Calligrapher's library
A testimony to a special child written with love & honesty
Not sappy, just truly inspirational - in the best way!
Pulls at the heart...LOVED IT! &amp; I don't usually like horror
Fasinating memoir by a Methodist preacher in the 1800's.
A much-needed addition to ballet biographies
Another solid film book by Bernard F. Dick
One man compilation of weird and wacky Jewish cartoons
Detailed and infomative book for history buffs
So it ain't Shakespeare....
Goes deeper than the usual bios
Lovely introduction to Jewish Holidays
Passionate account by lively birdwatcher!
Must -read vintage book for teens / young adults
He has done better
Great book, has it all!
SUPERB look at all aspects of Gardening in America
The Red Smith Reader
GARDENING IN NEW ENGLAND
HOW TO WRITE IRRESISTABLE QUERY LETTERS
Rhea's World
ROUGH JUSTICE
Splendours and Miseries: a life of Sacheverell Sitwell
UNDER THE NEEM TREE
THE FACE THAT MUST DIE
WARD 402
A Century of Bags
Engaging novel about an online romance
