Good work for hte new exams.
Sometimes being first is a good thing.
Remove the trash and keep what you need.
Not a bad final review kit.
Needs a little more meat.
Nice find and intersting reading.
Pretty Good material for the new Net+ exam
Good book that goes beyond the exam.
Worked for me!
All the best material in one place - nice job!
Moving from the start to the end.
Put togehter very nicley.
For the instructor this has real value.
This one makes you sit up and pay attention.
Finally a book that examines the evidence truthfully.
The Left's secret is out  with this one.
More than a singer a man of common sense
Learning something new everyday.
Making it easier to become a technician.
Finally a book to fill in the gaps and a great one at that!
For those without experience this is a great start.
More than a tech manual is this book.
For the repair of Laptops and portables this is the book!
Overall Weel suited for the CCDA Exam.
All the best material in one place.
A decent tool for the exam.
A #1 effort from the #1 authority on the subject!
Crayton's newset effort is one to keep an eye on.
Play pool without having to buy the table.
Making the final steps a bit easier.
Excellent add on for the A+ study guide.
Coupled with the All in One study guide - unbeatable!
If you run a helpdesk then you need this for your employees.
Good work and easy to comprehend.
5 Stars because I can select 10!!
Lammle has done it once more time - no suprise here!
This will get the job done!
This book is one to keep an eye on.
Today the teacher becomes the student!
Could have used this when I sat the exam.
This book has a definite potential
Here's a Top 10 List of Chracters.
A good tool with a few updates needed.
Very well put together.
Add to the Complete Study Guide and this a great set.
This one should make you sit up and take notice!
I have already found several things I can use in my work.
Good labs, but could use more.
In this case being first is a good thing.
Should be useful as an exam study tool.
It just gets better each time.
Some of the best reading this year
Opening up the mafia to regular people
This should make parents sit up and take notice!
The real DEAL for CCNA!
4th edition is another great release!
Pretty good study tool for the new CCNA Exams
Does work the for the ICND exam.
If you are ready to become a CCNA - start here.
The best reading on this subject I have seen so far.
Covering all versions makes it a valuable book.
A very good breakdown of the "evidence".
One great peice of work!
This book should be very helpful for the CCDA Exam.
Updated and already helping me out.
Very Very helpful in my job.
Perfect reading for the PWO-100 exam.
A book that seperates the facts from the fiction!
Text and sim all in 1 place - nice job!
Timing is everything these days.
Just what every tech needs to have on there desk!
Gun freedom 101 - as straight forward as it gets!
Taking you to the exams - all you have do is pass them.
Pointing out the facts and teaching an old lesson.
Useful information - don't pass it up!
A good place to start learning about networkig.
Interesting look at what was versus what is.
Nice little book about war trivia.
Learn something new each and every day.
Bennett is at his best with this release!
A very interesting read of life before the Taliban.
Short on questions but great on history.
One of the best book I have read period.
Think you know the presdents, then check this book out.
This has movie written all over it.
Book is based on V3 and v4 is out, still okay to use.
Coupled with the EC2 book &amp; you have a good set of tools.
I could have used this to pass the exam.
Great final prep study tool for the 214 exam.
Very Complete reference book.
Excellent work for the Security+ exam study tool.
About a complete as it gets!
For those looking for the overall Hardware book this is it.
Making the CSS understandable.
A great read for everyone.
Looks good for a final tool.
A whole new set of ideas from reading this book.
Handy security reference manual to have around.
Making Security+ attainable.
A study tool that can help the Security+ students.
Does the job but needs afew updates.
I used this book and pass the exam first time.
Very useful for Security+
Crayton hits it right on the head!
Overall very complete, just a few things to fix.
Right on the mark!
Some imporvements, still a little more work needed.
This book is just short of the right thing.
This book is just short of the right thing.
A good place to start working on security fundamentals.
Working for the self study of CCNA.
Lammle does it again - new updates and improvements.
New updates and another winner.
Microsoft Security - well done.
This book does what it's designed for - getting started.
Unleash the power of the Javascript.
A few more updates and corrections are needed.
Very well put together.
Nice job.
Excellent for design concepts.
Allowing me to get better at my job everyday.
Excellent breakdown, could use for any Switching exam.
Not just another Security Exam book!
Can't get to class - let the class come to you!
A golden score for the golden edtion.
If you need to learn IP addressing this may be the book.
A standout edition for the technician.
After reading this I switched from Frontpage to DreamWeaver
Great followup to the Gold Edtion.
I found this book to help for teaching and work.
Fix a few things for the next edition.
Learning by example - the ones already written that is.
There is a new player in teh MCSE/MCSA game.
One of the best kept secrets out there - well done TCAT!
Makes a nice addtion to other study materials you have.
Excellent - could of used this for the Security+ Exam!
TCAT is hard at work with this effort.
Working for both self study and classroom training.
Another great effort from Cisco Press.
A few small improvemments to earnt he 5 stars.
Already finding ideas for my job from this book.
Found a number of new things and a few shortcuts as well.
Learning something new every day - simply great.
There's is gold in them thar pages!
A real insight to the core exam.
For those who want to make sure they are ready.
A very well done reference manual.
A different look at history - nice view!
Todd Lammle's best effort for CCNA certification
Seems to be the complete package -
A must have for the true Chicago fan!!
Finding ways to make the transition better.
4 1/2 stars - wish I had this book when I took the exam.
Works for me.
4 1/2 stars - Will make getting MCSA a bit easier.
Unbelievable what this book has in it.
A bit of overkill but still a good book to have around.
4 1/2 stars - needs a few updates and it goes to the top.
Add this to the CCNA Prep library
This book worked for me.
A really useful and handy reference book.
Taking the mystery out of wireless.
New Updates, new material but still needs a little work.
Needs some fixing and updating.
Cut down and right to the point.
3 1/2 stars - needs more coverage of each exam.
A little more work - this book rivals any others out there.
Mike Meyers is at the top of his game!
Missing some needed material.
About as complete as it gets.
Updated to the 640-607 exam- a real winner.
Happy Anniversary
Excellent book for the classroom.
Everything for the CCNP Exams
Should help for the 270 exam.
Lammle has done it again - no surprise here!
An excellent reference manual for XP.
Version 2.0 has a vast improvement over version 1
Project management made simple.
Needs some updating, overall it is useful.
With help you pass the exams, needs a few fixes.
Version 2.0 has a vast improvement over version 1
3 1/2 Stars - needs a few updates.
Network+ has real help on the way.
A sure fire winner and rival to any other study guide.
Second try on the cd gives better results.
Nice improvements.
A very handy and usefull book to have around.
New Exam needs needs new books.
What I used for the exam and in the classroom.
A great look into the world of 802.11
Okay for design but needs more hands on.
The new exam study guide!
Sybex has taken charge - - - again!
Change authors, update book - Sybex has a winner!
Odom Does it again.
So close and with some work it goes over the top.
Make a few updates and this is a great book.
Microsoft is working to help you pass with this set.
Having help edit the book I think it is a winner.
You would be hard pressed to find a better manual.
Far more than just an exam study guide.
Works for me a good tech manual to break down routing.
Even with the Microsoft slant this book is still very good.
A few updates and you should be okay.
A very good study guide or classroom guide.
WAN Switching - learn something new every day!
A very good source for the A+ exams.
Where was this book when I took the exam...
A+ training at a your pace - 4 1/2 stars.
Only 5 stars because 10 wasn't a choice!
The magic of VmWare explained/
For me this book is my first look at J2EE.
Groth never ceases to amaze me with his work!!
Covering the new exam objective by objective.
Meyers once again delivers quality certification material.
Excellent breakdown for all technical levels.
Sybex is in the forefront of the certification arena again.
Prepare with confidence for the XP Exam
Giving me a better understanding of 2000 networks.
Good for the classroom or self study.
CCNA instructors here's your teacher assistant.
I am begining to understand i-mode a whole lot better now.
Myhre has once again proven is expertise with Cisco.
Best Windwos 2000 lab software out there today.
Mike Meyers is simply the best.
Excellent resource.
Nothing compressed about this book.
A great book to understanding XP.
No nonsense approach to a no nonsense subject.
All in one is correct.
A little more work needed, but should be a useful tool.
Giving you a look into the world of Cisco Networking.
For Cisco Design you need to read this first.
PIX explained so I can even understand it.
Fix a few minor errors and updates and this is a winner.
Microsoft Press is making XP a welcome addition.
Seems to have all the information needed to pass.
Some areas need a little more information - 4 1/2 stars!
Better than the first edition but s few updates are needed.
Even without eval kit this is still a good product.
Right by my side - making it easier to configure the router.
Overall a decent effort.
Lammle is once again at the top of his game.
Good reference manual to have around.
Excellent coverage of the exam and a good reference as well.
Hats off to the latest and best effort from David Groth.
Giving me a greater and better  understanding of the XP .
Overall it does what it says it's designed for.
Needs some work to make this a real useful tool.
Fix the erros and make updates and this could a the book.
It is what I use to teach the class.
Taking XP step by step
Pass it may help you pass it.
Meyers never cease to amaze me - a great product once again.
Used with the Exam Prep and a very good combination.
Fantastic effort for the CCIE exam
Seems to have the exam covered very well.
For those of us new to XP this book really helps.
Increasing my understanding of access lists.
Needs a little work and updating - but should help you pass.
I found this to be very helpful.
History that makes reading a real pleasure.
Needs more basic design info then you have a real winner.
About all you need for CID.
Moving to 2002 Step by Step.
Excellent breakdown of the exam.
With this book I can even learn DreamWeaver.
Making it easier to understand the IOS and routers.
Flash 5 made easy should have been the title.
Great alternative to classroom training.
Not quite the book I was hoping for.
Even better if there was an exam prep book.
Think you know all the commands - read this and find out.
Good companion to the book.
Step by step, it doesn't get an better.
Excellent book to follow the CCNA prep library.
Add more questions and a winner you'll have.
Helping me control my network better.
Coriolis has put together a real good reference manual.
Good material but could use some work.
Server+ you are covered.
Well organized and well documented.
This is one great reference book - exam or not.
A great place to start.
A great study tool for the Support exam.
Some very good reading and information.
A very good source of information.
I was looking for more information.
I am already using this book for my job and for the exam.
This is the book to help you pass.
Making the CCIE a little easier to get.
Covers the exam, could use a few updates.
Remote access complete.
The perfect companion to the book!!!!!
Needs more information to really be usefull.
Switching in an understandable format.
Get ready - get certified.
Self study or classroom this may be the answer.
Another sucess story from Todd Lammle!
If you thought you had read it all - read this!
Another superb job by Joe Burns!
If you thought you had read it all - read this!
History that the movies leave out.
Visio from the ground up.
Helping me out already.
Very usefull for the test.
FrontPage breakdown for everyone.
New version of Office means new help.
I though I knew FrontPage until I read this book.
Networking training at you pace - what a concept.
A whole new understanding.
Exchange Server Help for everyone.
A real pleasure reading.
Definitive is the word I would use.
This will make it easier to understand the IP World.
Could make improvements - overall it's oaky as a study tool.
This is a nice addition to my technical library.
Very objective and very well done.
The whole thing right before you very eyes.
Needs a few updates and corrections.
You really can learn XML with this book.
Used to study for the Server+ exam, what a real surprise.
Rush isn't the only Limbaugh with his hand on the pulse!!!
Christopher Ruddy is the man!!!!!!!!!!!!
Timing is everything.
Overall a good value.
Very moving.
Networking information right at your fingertips.
This is one great book to have by your side.
Good info but way short of A+.
Reading this will help you know what your missing.
Get ready to pass the the exam.
Udated but to the Microsoft Slant - overall its okay.
HTML at its very best.
Mueller hits it again - right on the head.
Updated and revised makes this book a very good read.
A true memorial to those you were there.
Let your keyboard do the walking(surfing) through the pges.
Makes my taking the exam a whole lot easier.
My choice for the CCDA exam and a great choice it is.
Updaet to the newest exam and this is a real winner.
Very useful indeed.
A ten star rating for a first rate book and author.
Web page delight.
Excellent information.
Moving to CCIE with ease.
Good information but could have more.
Help Me pass the exam.
Take the confusion out of Access.
Will help you pass if you work at it.
Very good Help
Easy as sending email.
Groth does it again!
I liked it very much.
Very good material.
Interesting reading
Coriolis gets better everytime.
The only thing this book doesn't do is take the exam!
EXCEL-lent  breakdown.
HTML learning has never been easier.
Tackle the web page mystery.
Switching simplified.
The best I've seen for the Support Exam.
Gorth is better than before - no suprise here!
Taking the transistion down an easier road.
Excellent breakdown for the new exam.
New and Improved.
Breakdowns routing to the basics.
Complete is the word!
An open mind is a healthy mind.
Very Good but needs a little work.
Andrews comes through with flying colors!
jean Andrews leading the A+ Pack - what else is new.
IP and videos a training concept that really works.
Coriolis has a winner with this one.
Second edition and better than before.
The 2001 edition is a nice addtion to my technical library.
Good material for the beginners.
Sackett's second effort is worth taking a look at.
You'll need the exam prep book to fill in the gaps.
With the exam prep this is an unbeatable combo.
A real pleasure to read.
Myhre is getting better all the time.
Made my learning of Linux easier.
A real gift.
Complete exam coverage for CCDA!
Excellent coverage of the exam objectives.
Excellent breakdown of Routing and the exam.
Good material but needs more coverage.
Coriolis has done it again.
XML in understandable language.
Excellent breakdown for INET+, but a little to late.
Finally a application that makes IP Routing understasnable.
Another great catch on the road to CCNA success.
Excellent Help for the CCIE certification.
This should make it easier for you.
Myhre is back and better than ever!!
Written by Cisco for Cisco exams - what a concept.
Makes my study time shorter for the CCNA.
A very good story.
Is good for exam but could use a little work.
Get the CCNA you deserve.
See Microsoft does care.
The more I read the more I kept reading.
Every command right at your fingertips.
Start your Cisco path right here.
CCIE here I come!!
This is one great book.
Advanced is the word.
Security at its very best.
Puts you in the director's chair.
Break down the media player with ease.
Simply the best.
In a class by itself.
Excellent and informative.
Finally HTML for everyone.
Accelarted pass the pack.
Java SCripting at its very best.
More than just an exam prep book.
Everything in one place - what a concept.
Step up to ME with ease.
Step by Step means success.
Wonderful.
Excellent reference manual to have with you.
Microsoft's mistake is now your gain.
Making the A+ Exam a little easier to take.
Exam Prep says it all.
Enough information to a little bit dangerous.
As good as it gets.
For the routing beginner this is agreat place to start.
My personal Cisco Reference book!
Just enough information to be dangerous.
Certinaly one of the best for INET+!!
Non stop help from cover to cover!!!!!!!!
I thought I had seen it all - until now.
Highly recommended reading.
More than enough information to pass the exam.
A great first child's book.
MCSE 2000 here I come!
Excellent reading.
Phabulous reading!
Life inside the Green Monster!
Excellent reading!
A grwat book about a great man!
New to Lunix - here's your guide!
Needs a few updates.
Making upgrading and configuring a little easier.
A ten star rating!
Shows what hard work can really do!
Lammle is at it again and better than before!
Most enjoyable!
Sybex has a true winner on thier hands with this one.
TCP/IP go to reference manual!
Used for both INET+ and CIW Foundations exam!
Not real informative.
Time to take a look at my insurance policy!
Think Microsoft only does MCSE - think again!
A few minor adjustments and this one goes to the top.
New is better - check it out!
Good material but still needs work.
Excellent for passing the CCNA 640-507 exam and more!
Microsoft has given you another winner.
A book that really informs the reader!
A thrill ride from beginning to end!
A hole in one!
Tucker is back and better than ever!
Remember it's all legal too.
Very good adn real entertaining.
Help is on the way!
A computer instructor's guide!
A knockout of a book!
Help right at your fingertips!
A must have for everyone!
Everything youneed and more!
Now what's holding you back?
The book that allowed me to pass the exam!
Access 2000 at its very best!
Time to become the MCSE you've always wanted to be.
Easy reading.
A real plus for INET+
Excellent and very helpful.
Make the transistion a whole lot easier.
Simply sensational!
Simply put this is one great book.
There's a whole lot of bosses who need to read this.
Very good reading and this one makes you think.
The time for passing the exam is right now.
Making Learning easier and fun - what a concept.
A pleasant surpise reading this book.
This book rocks!
e-Commerce you can understand and follow.
Making it easier to pass the exam it just what I need.
Complete reference is the word.
One of the most technically accurate books I have ever read.
The new exam doesn't stand a chance.
Good reading for both men and women.
Get started on the right foot and never look back.
I think Algore needs to take a look at this.
Makes you think twice about the fairy tales.
Help in the exam just what you need.
a GOOD REFERENCE BOOK TO HAVE.
Excellent, simply excellent.
Brilliant reading.
Excellent
Great reading for every baseball fan
The best there is o doubt about it.
Hockey fans everywhere will enjoy this book.
Great gift for the sports fan.
A real asset inthe CCDA certification process
Excellent choice of puzzles.
The complete reference and that's for sure!
Now here's a secret that can be shared!
TCP/IP for the new millennium!
Todd Lammle has done it again!
Trouble with routers take a look in here!
Get ready to pass the INET+ Exam
Excellent reading!
Windows 95 exam 07-064 has met its match.
A very good book.
Software like this will slam the exam!
Inspirational reading!
Technical help and Exam Help all in one book.
MCSE all in one place.
All ready to pass the exam - check this out!
And you thought you new Windows 95
Cisco CCNA exam meet examgear.
Make short work of the Windows 98 Exam
Some very usefull information.
Get ready to become an MCP!
Now this is why I review books.
Studying for the exam is easoer.
This is one book that makes taking the exam easier.
Say it with me - CCNA - real help in passing the test.
Top Score for Top Score
Very Helpful for both Microsoft and CompTIA
Microsoft is making it easier and easier to paas exams
Now here's a book every network tech needs to have!
Anoterh Winner by Branden Publishing
Another victory for David Groth
An excellent read.
Excellent!
A book that will have you thinking.
The scandal comes to life.
A very good book.
Makes making errors a real pleasure!
If only the entire media was this fair to everyone
Makes designing and updating web pages a snap!
Makes paasing the exam a little easier.
Networking Technologies exam made easy!
A very good reading.
A new business's helper.
Network Adminstrators desk side helper!
More practice and that's just what I needed!
Needs a few touch ups and it becomes a winner
Moving to 2000 has never been easier!
The very right wing is where these people are from!
Anoterh winner for SPI!
A must have for the TRUE Rangers Fan!
CompTIA newest exam and here's the help!
If you thought you knew it all read this book!
Just goes to show what a little persistence will do!
Okay so they're not perfect - who is!
very good reading!
Now ESPN needs is a Video to go with this!
Windows 2000 simplified
A look inside a racing legend!
Perfect for passing the exam
Microsoft Networking Essentials PLUS for sure!
Network+ you can listen to/
A true testament to Joe Jackson the Man!
Microsoft Press has done it again!
Very good reading!
Now your excuses are over!
Reveiw of both workbooks/journals.
The go to reference point!
Cisco continues with excellence.
First rate job!
Perfect add-on for Cisco tests.
Review of both workbooks/Journals
There and endless list of things you can do with this thing!
Even without page numbers this book is still one of the best
I still think there was a conspiracy, However . . .
The author needs to do his homeowrk,
Makes passing the exam easier.
Excellent reading about a very important ammendment.
Quantum Leap gets medevil!
Better than I thought!
Now there is no excuse not to pass the exam.
Quick and easy - just the way I like it!
Flyers fans everywhere need this book~
Troubleshooting the pc from A to Z and everything in between
A very good book for the true 76ers fan.
Another vistory for Coriolis in the A+ Arena
Some very interesting ways to spend money!
Makes being a computer technician fun!
True story about true heroes!
The truth behind the Pearl Harbor disaster.
There's a book about everything - porn included.
An objective view of POTUS.
A  very interesting book to read.
Cisco certification has a new friend!
Spectacular listening!
Not just another A+ Certification book !
Quantum Leaping at it's very best!
And these truths will set you free!
Hands On A+ - a real help!
Course Technology books are great!
An excellent tribute to real hearoes of American History!
Politics the easy way!
The old west comes to life!
Not Sure I understood what I read.
Needs more work.
Needs more work and addtions for new networks.
Adds new meaning to men of power.
Needs a little work in order to be complete
The Mustache Gang rides again!
Simply one of the best I have ever heard!
Well Done and well organized!
Most enjoyable and most interesting!
A great read for everyone!
A big round of appaulse for the stay at home moms!
Networking at its very best!
Humorous but not real intersting.
From silver screen to satin sheets!
Not sure you'll pass with this one.
Great reading from page 1!
Interactive and interesting!
A little short of what I expected.
Poetry in motion!
A inside look at pro wrestling.
You're not going to believe this one!
A first class look at the mythology!
Basically a good read.
Caso's book is well worth reading!
Excellent reading!
Excellent and well done!
A baseball collector's keepsake!
The real West by those that lived it!
Basketball's real dream team!
Funny in the first degree!
Nice try but falls short of convincing!
Amazing and real eye opening!
A book for the baseball purest!
The missing link may not be missing afterall!
A great read and very funny too!
A true look at a terrible event in history.
A side of Ty Cobb never seen before!
A baseball fan's dream book!
More than just a reference book!
Al's not ready for the added responsibility!
Trump should stick to business not politics!
Makes you realize why justice is blind!
This is a must read for everyone!
Ted like you never seen before!
Pure and Simple a great book about the law!
A real sharp sword as well!
The movie fails in comparsion!
Excellent reading!
Worth it's weigth in gold!
Far better than the actual trial!
A real buzzer beater!
Casper is a thinking man!
This Posner is on the ball!
A must read for every student!
Not just another statistics book about baseball!
Shame we had to wait 1000 years for the next book!
Dedicated to the real heroes of Vietnam!
Pro wrestling may be fake, but this book isn't!
He's simply the best to ever play thirdbase!
Very impressive reading!
Wait till you here this!
A book that is hard to refuse!
Armey is on to something here!
Marconi comes to life!
The ride has a few bumps.
Amazing and entertaining!
A one of a kind book!
There's no myth about this book!
A handy reference for those interested in movies.
A well written theory.
The definitive book about the Salem Witch Trials!
Amazing!
A 10 star work!
A real good read.
The definitive Karch Kiraly book for all volleyball fans!
Very well written.
A handy reference book to have around!
Ready to take over the world?
Game show history at its best!
Amazing, fascinating and highly revealing.
A golden treasure about the golden bear!
A book about the real hero!
A must have for the serious baseball fan!
A fine tribute to the fallen heroes of the Alamo!
A real pleasure reading!
Basically another conspiracy book.
A real buzzer beater!
A must have for the die hard Steelers Fan!
The mafia in a whole new light!
Revealing and so much more!
Remarkable reading!
A very good read.
Take the confusion out of the router!
Amazed from page 1!
A great read!
Seperates the men from the liberals!
It really doesn't get any better than this!
Not just another conspiracy book.
Harry knows what he is talking about.
Browne is nothing short of amazing!
Icons! Icons! Icons!
This book doesn't miss at all!
The true colors of Hillary are finally exposed!
Babe Ruth - what more can you say!
This is one for the ultimate Phillies fanatic!
A book for the baeball purest!
GOES GREAT WITH THE AUDIO BOOK!
A truly helpful book for years to come!
A TEN STAR RATING!
A new look at the criminal justice system.
Hillary's true colors are exposed!
They can run but they can not hide!
Celebrity addresses by the carload.
Made me think a whole ne way!
The definitive word on speed reading!
The best deffense for conservatism is this book!
Amazing!
A new view of the first ammendment.
The truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth!
11th edition and still going strong!
Finally we have the go to reference book!
A marked improvement over the first edition.
There is no other book like this one on the market today!
Minasi is the man!!!!!!!!!
David Groth definitely knows what he a talking about!
Simply one of the best books for Network+ !!!!!!!!
A real pleasure to read.
Find out what you are missing.
A real chance to pass a very tough exam is finally here!
A real disappointment in the non fiction area
Get ready for this!
A real eye opener!!!!!!!!!
A real collectors Item
