A valuable window into American Indian culture and history
A playful yet powerful poetic voice from Poland
A fascinating memoir of life at the extremes
Powerful slices of African lives
A fascinating, meticulously documented case study in guerrilla warfare
Flawed and dated thinking mars an otherwise compelling study of this controversial issue
The birth of a remarkable fighting force
A quartet of strikingly structured poems
A powerful tale of the Spanish Civil War
A fascinating overview of an eventful era in U.S. military history
A compelling collection of Vietnam memories
A mystical yet earthy poetic voice
A passionate and politically charged voice from Italy
Visions of wonder, danger, and adventure
A brutally funny mockery of the wartime military
A warrior's progress
Exquisitely crafted tales of fantastic alternate realities
The horror of war, the heroism of soldiers
Born in war, but graced by beauty
A Marine officer's WW2 memories
An American soldier in Afghanistan
Butler, Swanwick, and others deliver some great tales
Among the refugees in Vietnam
Prophetic exhortation or culture war manifesto?
War: on earth, in outer space, and in cyberspace
A work of military oral history that spans generations
A lusty, bloody tale of a medic in Vietnam
A compelling tale of extraordinary heroism in Vietnam
The comedian next door
A U.S. soldier in Mexico
The Gulf War and beyond
A short guidebook to Christian evangelism
Vietnam from the infantryman's perspective
A moving tribute to a remarkable group of men
Documents from a fascinating legal case
The joy of German poetry
The life of a remarkable military man
A midshipman's story
A powerful spiritual autobiography
Bite-sized morsels of radiant wisdom
An intense account of military combat
A magical celebration with an uplifting message
A flawed but fascinating military memoir
Valor and controversy in the Afghan war zone
Vivid portrait of a powerful rite of passage
A critical look at wartime discourse
Don't mess with the Penetrator!
A dated but still worthwhile gathering of perspectives
A challenging and inspiring perspective on military service
A soldier-rabbi's wartime odyssey
On the many facets of guerrilla activity
An American icon's personal view of the Spanish-American War
An intelligent and compassionate story of soldiers at war
An Army nurse's remarkable life story
A valuable perspective on World War II
A powerful contribution to the literature of Vietnam
"Streamers": a powerful glimpse at military life
Thought-provoking perspective on a critical subject
The conquered and the conquerors
An entertaining tale of naval aviators
A massive landmark in military history
A globe-spanning military memoir
A tragic and troubling memoir
On the road with First Recon
An uncommon soldier, an extraordinary book
A poetic and pungent battlefield memoir
In the shadow of Vietnam
A boy at war
The lessons of Kosovo
A celebration of a fascinating literary genre
The human cost of war
A young woman at war
"All ships have souls"
A post-WW2 love story
A notable contribution to World War II literature
A diverse and vibrant collection
Sally's tale
One soldier's struggle
War and the family
Colorful tales from a most extraordinary Marine
A remarkable military memoir
"Batgirl" soars!
A delightful collection of misanthropic mischief
A warrior's words
Yes to baby or no to baby?
An ironic and enlightening military memoir
The challenge of wartime command
A different kind of soldier
A portrait of a nation in crisis
Interesting but frequently annoying WW2-era memoir
A "kriegy" tells his story
Solid reporting tainted by political posturing
A gripping Vietman narrative
Worth YELL-ing about!
An Egyptian &quot;Uncle Tom's Cabin&quot;
Informative tribute to female adventurers
Colorful and cleverly written
A voice both mystical and earthy
Informative text, dazzling photographs
A fascinating and important Native American voice
Powerful story of an American family's struggle
A thought-provoking collection of young voices
A mammoth compendium of things Australian
A woman's pain
A diverse and illuminating collection of voices
Twisted and tasty
Around the world in stories
Big, colorful guide to an American icon
Let's make some noise!
A vibrant look at a miniature world
Butcher delivers &quot;an obscene and enchanting spectacle&quot;
Essential reading for superhero fans
Outrageous cartoons with a lesbian/gay angle
An enjoyable short-short collection
Stunning photography; an amazing collection
Delightful illustrations reinvigorate the rhyme
Center stage for the tiny mealworm
Fun with a book-loving monkey
A strong collection of young voices
Comprehensive tribute to a remarkable cultural figure
A visual feast for jewelry lovers
A tasty animal tale
Batman vs. Blight
A colorful survey
A memorable friendship
Excellent celebration of Australia's literary heritage
Truly weird
A compelling look at a contemporary relationship
A watery, lukewarm bowl of political soup
Poetry that explores the immigrant experience in the U.S.
Full of color and sparkle
A fully realized alternate world
Delightfully twisted
Advice across generations
A fascinating and useful reference work
A story about making things grow
A sparkling gallery of treasures
Wisdom from a remarkable teacher
Colorful and comprehensive
A colorful look at a diverse gallery of pieces
A funny and well-written memoir
A feast for the eyes
The Parasyte saga continues
Visually stunning, always fascinating
A poetic story of growing up Latino
Endlessly fascinating look at Broadway's worst
A look at post-9/11 America
Poetry at the crossroads of cultures
Good info marred by slanted presentation
Steeljack's story is another &quot;Astro City&quot; triumph
The essence of X
Strangers in a strange land
A visually striking survey
Welcome to post-9/11 America
A compelling story of men at war
A world of women
Tribute to a hero
Clever, funny, and educational
A colorful celebration of the cycle of life
A colorful and fun reference work
An enjoyable holiday tale
An engaging, fable-like story
The Parasyte story begins. . .
Beautifully illustrated look at an eagle family
Fascinating collection of voices from Muslim America
More apocalyptic teen soap opera
Fascinating and informative
Superb tribute to an unforgettable poet
Tasty!
Back to the future, Conan style
A compelling tale of colonial America
A detective thriller with Cuban-American spice
A suspenseful murder mystery
A witty and inventive collection
Flagg's American quilt
&quot;Art&quot;: in the eye of the beholder
On the road across the U.S.
Advice for your inner warrior
A near-perfect fusion of artistry and imagination
The work of a poetic virtuoso--with a twist
The ranting of a foul-mouthed prophet
Whitman via Kinnell
Horror and humor
&quot;Easy&quot; and &quot;quick&quot; are not always good
Mixed messages in a fascinating compilation
Fascinating look at a pop culture phenomenon
A vivid record of Marrakesh
A moving life lesson
A surreal look at Soviet culture
A marvelous blend of sci-fi, humor, and compassion
A big, satisfying read
A true son of Whitman
A fiery and insightful jeremiad
A great poet of nature
The quintessential troubled youth
A stimulating volume from a sculptor of words
Marvelous poetry focused on the remarkable title character
Three voices, one volume
An exciting classic by a great prophetic mind
A memorable museum visit with Zack
A solid collection of Alcott's stories
Life and love in the shadow of colonialism
Informative, but slanted and mean-spirited
A lean and powerful Holocaust narrative
A poet/prophet with a broad and compassionate vision
A witty look at gay life in the early 1990s
A powerful story about a profoundly disabled teen
This Spider has a real bite
An enjoyable fantasy tale
An essential science fiction classic
A poetic journey with Alice Walker
Five compelling tales by Cather
Oh, the review I've written!
Two classic tales by a master storyteller
A weak attempt to make sense of 9-11
Good youthful effort by Alcott
&quot;'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves...&quot;
A gripping exploration of "black and deep desires"
Tasty and educational!
A powerful poetic journey
A well-written theological fantasy
A bitingly funny satire
The tale of a quixotic quest
A diverse collection by a gifted poet
Made me laugh out loud!
A celebration of a remarkable partnership
Sixteen gems from a master storyteller
A Chicago story
A problematic response to 9-11
An eclectic and entertaining collection
A thought-provoking collection of interviews
A brilliant vision of the future
A brilliant vision of the future
Feline fun with a master poet
A Caribbean jeremiad
Welcome to the Emperor's nightmare
A heartbreaking and thought-provoking story
A worthy sequel to &quot;Whom Gods Destroy&quot;
An essential Puerto Rican classic
Eight challenging pieces by a master prose stylist
An essential reference work for a &quot;shrinking&quot; planet
Fascinating story of a new religion
The original &quot;Carol&quot;
Growing old gracefully
A post-9/11 theological manifesto
A most &quot;bookish&quot; book!
Will the rabbi solve the crime?
A delightfully warped work of sci-fi
Thought-provoking, although not wholly satisfying
Notes from an eyewitness to history
A nightmare vision of the future
One of the books that has shaped the world
An epic story of American soldiers
Around the world in 25 stories
People and animals in rural Vietnam
A delightful sci-fi classic
Marriage, motherhood, and friendship
Two surreal journeys
A story of friendship and courage
A mystical journey
A compelling look at life in rural Botswana
Not just another royalty book
A wonderful treat for Tolkien fans
Three generations in modern Egypt
Tough times for a hardy pioneer family
A logical pairing of 2 great theatrical works
A mouse's marvelous adventure
Good story, somewhat misleading title
An uplifting and beautifully illustrated tale
Touching stories about people and animals
A story of sibling rivalry and family ties
A moving poetic legacy
One of the greatest adventure stories of all time
A big, bold, colorful sci-fi adventure
A taste of spiritual honey from a giant of world literature
Ancient Greek family values
A rich visual history
A diverse and enjoyable anthology
A superbly illustrated heroic tale
An astronomy book that covers the basic facts
A violent psychosexual play
An excellent anthology of Chinese drama
An enduring sci-fi classic
"His waxen wings did mount above his reach"
A smart, funny sci-fi comedy
A powerful fantasy tale
Make love, not war!
Makes me want to visit the Dunes!
The story of three sisters
A dark tale of religion and personal conflict
A gripping tragedy
Mistress and servant
A wonderful gathering of drama from New Zealand
A powerful look at Indian life in the UK
Science versus politics
A strange, haunting play
The winds of change are blowing through this orchard
A compelling portrait of a female literary artist
Watch out for that snake!
Ominous and surreal
She blinded me with science
A moving portrait of a legendary star
A lost play that was found and brought to life
What would you do for money?
A solid entry in the series
A visual smorgasbord!
A young writer's coming of age
A compelling play that takes place in the Gandhi era
A powerful play about love and despair
Plays with the quality of parables
An excellent play that tells two linked stories
A violent, gripping play
The thin line between performance and reality
An outrageous dark comedy
Surreal theatrical creations
An informative and inspiring book
Amazingly detailed artwork
A colorful look at Canada
A powerful testament from a passionate poetic voice
A powerful collection of short plays
Another &quot;Astro City&quot; artistic triumph
Deconstructing gender
A vivid portrait of pioneer life
Stunning artwork celebrates Chinese-American culture
A diverse and thought-provoking collection
The &quot;world's angriest dyke&quot; is also one of the funniest!
A positive portrayal of sibling relations
High-flying fun
A thoughtful and moving volume of poems
A diverse collection of text and images
A powerful post-9/11 play
A disturbing story
A moving collection of stories
"Zack Files" meets "X-Files"
Poetic primal screams
Awesome artwork enhances this story
Journals full of life and charm
Good, but shows its age
Family ties, Fornes style
A moving "symphony of struggle"
Thoughtful poems that deal with loss and loneliness
Seven potent shots of Wharton's genius
An interesting intro to Japan
A colorful celebration
Beautiful photography elevates this book
Colorful and informative
A colorful history of Jewish life in North America
A solid anthology and sci-fi time capsule
An informative loook at the Chinese in North America
Another fun "Zack" tale
Talking to dolphins is fun!
A valuable reference work for lovers of literature
A great epic story
An informative & profusely illustrated look at the Cree
A marvelous collection of scandalous cover art
A clever book that pushes the boundaries of poetry
A feast for lovers of odd words
A fun retelling of an African tale
Spend an afternoon with Grandma
Not the best format for O'Reilly
Educational and beautifully illustrated
A colorful and informative book
Behind Verne and Wells stands the amazing Poe
A colorful introduction to the Mountain State
A fun (and tasty) multicultural story
The story of a real fighter for freedom
A quirky and enjoyable collection of poems
Simple concept, charming execution
She's tough!
A fun gift for a Powerpuff fan
Oh so sweet!
Absolutely villainous!
An enjoyable intergenerational story
Lessons from the Grand Master
A lot of rhyming fun
A moving coming-of-age tale
Poetry from "a woman of magnificent radiance"
A glorious celebration of Jewish-American life
An ironic but compassionate sci-fi saga
A fascinating look at being a woman and a writer
A freaky, fractured vision
An unsettling portrait of a nightmarish alternate America
A fascinating record of a spiritual journey
A multifaceted exploration of Chinese-American experience
A collection of surreal stories
An unusual boy's Fortean odyssey
Colorful and educational
Wouk's space oddity
A masterpiece from one of the essential sci-fi writers
A solid collection by a celebrated poet
Oh, that Heidi!
From the South to the urban North
More persecution fantasies from Jenkins and La Haye
19th century African-American life
A fragmented feminist sci-fi tale
A down-and-dirty classic
Urban horror from a virtuoso prose stylist
A compelling novel of prison life
A witty comic novel
Inside the mind of a serial killer
A powerful, evocative fantasy tale
A compelling international love story
The passage to womanhood
A wonderfully illustrated lullaby
An enjoyable and informative literary reference work
Powerful tale of one man's spiritual journey
A visually striking celebration of jazz
Edna: queen of the sonnet
An intriguing landmark from American literary history
A hilarious and touching coming-of-age story
A funny and accurate view of Army life
A marvelous trio of novels
A raw, bold, but elegantly contemplative poetic voice
A brilliant satiric perspective on American Indian culture
Short is beautiful!
A moving family story
An intriguing character study
Vulgar, grotesque, and hilarious!
Sorry--I just don't get it!
I want my tussie-mussie!
Almost ruined by intrusive commentary
A bold but gentle poetic voice
A bilingual collection from a language-conscious poet
A 20th-century spiritual testament
A melancholy poet of family ties
A reference work that's fun to read
Further adventures of Dorothy
An eerily prophetic gem
Stein's dance of words
A gender-bending sci-fi novel
A great C&H collection
Poetry that celebrates the rhythms of life
Oink!
Mystical reflections on poetry
A cross-cultural classic from the 19th century
Chasing "The Sun"
Family life in 19th Century New Mexico
A Scandinavian-American story
Marvelous artwork enhances this trickster tale
A beautifully written Italian-American family story
A book as much about itself as about its characters
An enjoyable and thought-provoking SF anthology
A colorful view of rainforest life
A passionate poetic voice
Not enough bite
Xaipe: poetry for both eye and ear
Sex, politics, Buddhism, & more
A compelling story of depression and recovery
A wonderful collection of photographs
A solid text for readers and writers
Chinaski's odyssey
Pynchon's "Crying" game is a "Lot" of fun!
An inventive collection of tales
Plath's warped, often whimsical tour of an inner hell
Through the year with Charlie Brown and company
A powerful slice of Japanese-American history
Romance and money in 19th century America
A bold and colorful vision of humanity's future
An old man's quest
A nightmarish look at the postal service
A story of love and suffering
&quot;Full of Life&quot;: full of good writing
Preschool prep
A solid intro to salmon
Excellent novel of the Italian-American experience
A good intro to these fascinating creatures
A solid, although not wholly satisfying, book
A tale both violent and beautiful
One of sci-fi's essential classics
Are you a pumpkinhead?
A paranormal comedy
Stunning artwork
A fun animal story
In defense of misunderstood animals
A triumph of fantasy and adventure
Religion, politics, and scientific hubris
A colorful look at caimans
A boy and his dog. . . and dinosaurs!
Good spooky fun
Tasty!
What's in your cookie?
Weird and wonderful: pure Vonnegut
On the trail of Bigfoot
A light-hearted look at the afterlife
Black gay life in the age of AIDS
A compelling visual history of a fascinating woman
A compelling Asian-American voice
Tongue twisters, Seuss style
In the shadow of Antichrist
A superb ethnic American anthology
A wonderful West Virginia autobiography
A powerful play about a pivotal American tragedy
A visual treat for Star Wars fans
Poetry &quot;with a revolutionary fire&quot;
A prophetic text for a time of crisis
A letter from a latter-day Job
An amazing journey through space and time
An airplane trip to the inner self
One writer's perspective
A bleak but beautifully written short novel
A wonderful mother-daughter collaboration
The education of Johnny Rico
A haunting piece of Holocaust-inspired fiction
A meditation on language and culture
Beware the Queen!
A time-warping romp with Zack
A solid Western adventure
An intriguing work of speculative political fiction
Aquatic &quot;class warfare&quot;?
An erotic and ironic odyssey
Stunning artwork makes this book special
Mystic, enigmatic writings
Sex, booze, and poetry
A problematic but compelling approach to the events of 9-11
A musician's tale
Intriguing but not wholly satisfying
More fun with the &quot;Peanuts&quot; gang
A love letter to readers from a sister reader
An &quot;Encyclopedia Galactica&quot; for the &quot;Trek&quot; universe
Calvin is my role model!
&quot;Don't be a bloody hero.&quot;
Hilarious!
A gripping story of urban survival
An intriguing story of Nazi Germany
Adventures with &quot;the incurable weirdness poster child&quot;
A low point in the series
A compelling posthumous collection
A great &quot;Peanuts&quot; collection
A promising idea that disappoints
Y1K?
An amusing sci-fi comedy
A remarkable Civil War story
Beautiful photographs of timeless architecture
Hilariously creepy
A triumph by one of Whitman's great heirs
A powerful story of war and personal endurance
A curious freckle quest
&quot;Pokemon&quot; meets &quot;Baywatch&quot;?
A humorous mystery for kids
A moving and insightful historical novel
A mildly twisted look at love
A humorous look at politics
A flawed, but powerful, masterpiece
A rewarding eye on the American Revolutionary War
A valuable document of military history
Reassuring a child
Danger, Will Robinson!
Like a visit to the ultimate &quot;Trek&quot; museum
The poetic narrative of an African-American family
A fascinating, although not wholly convincing, study
A feast of words and images
A powerful WW2 drama
A weak effort with a narrow-minded flavor
The twisted world of Gary Larson
An unusual American classic
An epic tapestry of Americans at war
Pure luxury
From ballet to book
An attempt to scare young people
Powerpuffs save the day!
A gloriously illustrated compilation of spirituality
A gentle and compassionate book
Another fun romp with the young werewolves
A moving story of urban life
The quest of a curious fox
Another Underpants extravaganza
A moving story of the Korean War
A book with two memorable heroes
Fun for both werewolves and humans
For religious fundamentalists and wannabes only
Excellent photographs; weak text
Made me laugh out loud!
Magic with an African twist
A wonderful &quot;Gift&quot;
A beautifully illustrated, magical tale
A photographic window into African-American history
The story of a magical gift
Love that Nana!
A warm celebration of Amish life
A boy and his cat
A hairy delight
Lacrosse and beyond
Behind the bugs
Party on, Chato!
Getting hairy with Gary Soto
The ultimate naval reference work
Divorce and remarriage
An enduring classic of war fiction
Poems from an American icon
Why the anti-feline bias?
Shelter from the rain
A powerful exploration of African-American history
&quot;The birth-day of a new world is at hand. . .&quot;
An excellent taste of Cajun life
A wonderful tribute to a great American poet
A delightful book that evokes Thai culture
Everybody on the potty!
What makes a plant &quot;strange&quot;?
A novel of friendship and hope
An excellent view of Vietnamese-American life
Curious omissions mar an otherwise good effort
&quot;. . . stories can save us&quot;
A taste of Chinese folklore
Of women and war
A celebration of imagination
The ultimate reference work for royalty watchers
All aboard Barton's &quot;Boats&quot;
Soaring through the skies with Byron Barton
A violent morality tale
Slapstick comedy, Potter style
Life at the zoo
The magic of Beatrix Potter
Who's got the bone?
Well-intentioned, but problematic
A multicultural celebration of the art of dollmaking
Through the eyes of a savage
A powerful coming-of-age story
A stirring gathering of voices
Southern passion and pain
A high point in the Pern series
&quot;Listen, my children, and you shall hear. . .&quot;
A visually striking reference work
The segregated South through the eyes of a child
A powerful and disturbing story
A walk on the theatrical wild side
&quot;. . . the most American of us all&quot;
O what a classic!
An extraordinary woman; an inspiring story
An imprisoned mind set free
A compelling volume from an important American poet
DuBois' enduring &quot;Souls&quot;
The gospel according to Falwell
The essential King
Brooks has &quot;a long reach, / strong speech&quot;
&quot;. . . a bucketful of gold&quot;
An essential work of Native American literature
A potent pairing of two essential autobiographies
East meets West onstage
A perspective on Gadamer
A &quot;Night&quot; worth exploring
Into space with Byron Barton
Rich vs. Reaganism
Epic science fiction with the flavor of fantasy
An informative but flawed list
Telling time with the Bears
A superb first novel by a major artist
A masterpiece by one of science fiction's greatest voices
Lovable pig + wise spider = enduring classic
An American in Europe
The devil made him do it?
A competent intro to Harry Potter's creator
He, too, sang America
Despite its flaws, a towering literary landmark
Stories of Asian-American life
Prison as a microcosm for society
The bond between a boy and a dog
A poetic story about love and family
From &quot;Six&quot; to &quot;Eight&quot;
Alcott! Wharton! Hurston! And more!
An essential early American novel
Welcome to Kennedy's nightmare
A play to be read on many levels
A compelling exploration of love and violence
An imperfect but admirable reference work
Classic stories of a rural boy's life
Thanks, Isaac
A fascinating historic document
Notes of a &quot;guerrilla mind theatre&quot;
A compelling mix of humor and tragedy
Heirloom and heritage
A masterpiece by Williams
History into drama
&quot;. . . what a man can do and what a man endures.&quot;
A solid collection of key documents
Three landmark speeches
&quot;You're right at the meat of things, baby&quot;
Important words from a great writer
A superb anthology of a fascinating genre
A pioneering Native American writer
Probably Hurston's greatest gift to world literature
A vital foremother of African-American literature
A powerful hybrid of poetry and drama
A truly moving play
A gathering of Arab-American voices
A well conceived and well executed anthology
Possibly the best available U.S. lit anthology
One of the great voices in contemporary science fiction
Anna is one of the U.S. theater's most memorable characters
An excellent novel of the immigrant experience in the U.S.
A solid sampling of U.S. stories
One of the great foremothers of American literature
A compact but rewarding sampling
A compelling fragmentary epic
A triumphant landmark of the U.S. theater
An impressive gathering of Asian American voices
A vivid view of Inuit life
&quot;Maus&quot;: an important literary landmark
A potent sampling of Hawthorne's tales
Give the 1855 version a try
An educational and enjoyable look at dinosaurs
A story about believing in yourself
A warm celebration of mamas y abuelas
An important, but infuriating, historical resource
A formidable novel by a major figure
A classic parable of social justice
An excellent collection of Harlem Renaissance voices
A solid Poe collection
Classic story, excellent illustrations
An exciting and thoughtful collection of theater pieces
Insights from one of Latin America's greatest poet-essayists
A remarkable multilingual gathering of voices
Of women and words
A fascinating deconstruction of a 20th century icon
One of Latin America's darkest voices
A fine collection of fantastic images
Colorful &quot;Monkey&quot; business
An important achievement in Cuban literature
Political poetry from a Salvadoran revolutionary
Another poetic triumph by Neruda
A fascinating study of gay life in Brazil
Exploring poetry through prose
A passionate voice for human rights
A beautifully illustrated immigrant story
An important poetic voice from Honduras
The beauty of wolves
A fascinating glimpse into the past
A big, lusty novel of Brazilian life
A problematic but interesting collection of essays
A children's book about death
Very well done, but doesn't go far enough
The definition of &quot;Lovecraftian&quot;
A fascinating gathering of historic texts
A magnificent collection of Native North American literature
A brilliantly realized concept
The work of a major Brazilian poet
A fascinating collection of portraits
Magical words and images
A scholar's deconstruction of intolerance
Butterflies and nightingales
The passionate heart of a Nicaraguan poet
A wonderful marriage of storytelling and visual art
A testament of love, loss, and exile
Sometimes erotic, sometimes surreal
A &quot;Museum&quot; worthy of Borges
Well-culled beans
A cleverly written novel about 19th century Brazil
Poetry with an international vision
A story of adoption and brotherhood
An important voice in Puerto Rican literature
A colorful narrative of Jewish life in Argentina
A truly epic visual journey
Political poetry with a pan-American outlook
A harsh attack on liberation theology
Both fun and scary
A voice of survival
An imaginative family story
A great guide to Jewish holidays
An essential testament by a 20th century prophetic voice
One of my favorite reference works
Maya's vision
An important gathering of poetic voices
The gods of ancient Egypt
An impressive multicultural anthology
A landmark of 20th century United States literature
A humorous adventure
&quot;...the quintessential symbol of Black female creativity&quot;
Through the eyes of Toulouse-Lautrec
These &quot;Chronicles&quot; constitute an essential sci-fi classic
A political and spiritual testament
Thought provoking stories
An excellent resource for lovers of Victorian architecture
Full of magic, humor, and passion
Inspiration for fossil hunters
A fascinating perspective on secular Judaism
Introducing the Tarot
A colorful and historic collection of designs
A celebration of dragons
A vibrant visual record
A moving meditation upon an iconic figure
Of dogs and whores
A frequently dark collection of poems
&quot;Perfumes&quot; whose aroma will linger
The romance of lake Nicaragua
Is Callahan sick, brilliant, or both?
A fascinating poetic experiment
The gentle manatee
Outrageous cartoons
A great poet's early work
Introducing spiders
An excellent window into this era
A searing novel of social protest
Health care horrors
A remarkable story of survival
An important voice in the Jewish literature of Brazil
Architectural masterpieces explored in astounding detail
Attention, all Bunburyists!
A beautifully illustrated book
An important collection of writings
A gathering of gargoyles
A colorful celebration of Victorian homes
The dance of lust
Insights from a major voice in U.S. literature
A treasury of classic Southern architecture
A wonderful collection of Jewish voices from Latin America
Contemporary storytellers from the Caribbean
Scliar's deliciously warped &quot;Ballad&quot;
A charming tale with an appealing heroine
A celebration of Lee Krasner
One of the indispensable classics of science fiction
Good for beginning readers
A story of intergenerational bonding
An important poetic voice of Chile
An important photographic document
A world of baby animals
The world of a baby whale
The Jewish experience in Brazil
Another fine novel by one of Brazil's best writers
Learning about salmon
The teacher from hell!
A bilingual poetic triumph for Jaime Manrique
A magical masterpiece of Brazilian literature
Echidnas! Wombats! Dingoes! And more!
The passion and politics of a Puerto Rican legend
Elegant prose by Sarduy
Educational fun with Spot
Spot's colorful world
Controversial and fascinating
An excellent essay collection by the great Peruvian writer
A major voice in Argentine literature
Take flight with Ikarus
A monumental prose testament by a great poet
Hummingbirds!
A romantic vision of the origins of modern Brazil
The power of the Cuban theater
African/African-American encounters
Alfred E. Neuman: American icon!
Art of, for, and by the people
A delightful sketchbook
A beautiful tribute to Duke Ellington
A very Warhol Christmas
A fascinating glimpse into Mexican Jewish life
What have they done to my Pooh?
Keith Haring's joyful dance of life
The prairie spoke. . . and Wright listened!
The slime under the stone
The public Wright
One woman's role in the voting rights movement
A dazzling modern occult scripture
An important political and spiritual autobiography
A whimsical tribute to love
The artistry of Frank Lloyd Wright
Fascinating episodes from Maya's life
The early years of Maya Angelou
The vibrant vision of Keith Haring
Dining with Frank Lloyd Wright
A fascinating collection of dark rituals
The lost Wright revealed!
Passionate, sensuous poetry
A lovely tribute to an architectural masterpiece
A visually stunning tribute to some of Wright's best work
Hearth and home
Wright+glass=beauty
The artistic vision of Grandma Moses
Alphabetical fun with the letter &quot;o&quot;
X-rays and yo-yos and zebras--oh my!
A beautiful companion to a great film
Curious George's medical mayhem
Those battling Bears!
A landmark of the grotesque
The Dr. Seuss tongue twisting workout!
A fun interactive book
A powerful evocation of 20th century Cuba
An amazing triumph from a giant of Cuban literature
A potent exploration of spirituality and sexuality
In praise of Barton's &quot;Bears&quot;
A poignant satire of 19th century Brazil
A satire with real bite
A superbly illustrated version of the story of Pegasus
An audacious--and delicious--little book
A bold memoir of oppression and defiance
An uneven jaunt along Mulberry Street
A core document of African American history
A colorful view of the zoo
Theatrical masterworks by Puig
Classics by Cousins
A moving tale of love and violence
A fascinating view of &quot;Trek&quot; fandom
Notes towards a pan-Hispanic gay consciousness
A passionate and insightful essay collection
Miniature gems from Maya
A colorful approach to religious education
Humorous illustrations for a basic concept
Circus fun from the mind of Seuss
A visual feast for dinosaur lovers
The twilight zones of Garcia Marquez
Breathtaking artwork enhances a classic tale
A poet's personal Tarot
A treasury of trucks for the beginning reader
Intriguing perspectives on race, sexuality, and art
An interesting experiment from Dr. Seuss
A gripping tale of obsession
Who doesn't love a smiling baby?
Educational fun with George
Visually charming retelling of Noah's story
A superb resource in architectural history
An enticing blend of the erotic and the occult
A quartet of remarkable human testaments
An educational visit to the seashore
A Faulkneresque parable for the age of AIDS
An effective retelling of a classic Bible story
Voices of struggle and hope
The Bears go sci-fi!
A revolutionary vision of Christianity
Lovely art, but questionable values
Compassionate and thought provoking theology
Visually striking, but hurt by an exploitative tone
A leisurely intellectual journey with Borges
Fascinating and oddly beautiful
The majesty of the gorilla
A surreal journey into the soul of Guatemala
Brilliant and boldly experimental
An entertaining introduction to some basic vocabulary
Tadpoles rule!
Poetic pyrotechnics from a radical voice
The Seussian imagination unleashed!
A smorgasbord of architectural opulence
Alive with beauty and emotion
Delightful ducklings
A spicy taste of Tanzania
An essential American life story
A good introduction to an extraordinary woman
Powerful poetry about women's lives
The problem with Dodd
An exuberant bilingual celebration of life
An inspiring and enriching anthology
An important document of the slave experience
The life of a great poet
The joy of feet
A &quot;biomythography&quot; that deserves attention
Innovative and informative
A spectacular symphony of color and form
El Greco for kids
A work of introspective beauty
A visually stunning voyage
A great book for lovers of Victorian houses
An innovative and challenging work of art
A stunning achievement by a giant of 20th century poetry
A work of prophetic power
A celebration of wildlife
Who can resist baby animals?
Not just for Army officers!
A good book, despite its sensationalistic tone
A curious classic
One of the great intellectual testaments of the 20th century
An impassioned plea from a remarkable scientist
Short stories from one of Latin America's best writers
A luminous cross-cultural masterpiece
A fun family outing with the Bears
A book that bridges continents
An impressive panorama of the TV era
Smells like a classic to me!
A glorious guide to the &quot;Simpsons&quot; universe
The Bradyologist's essential guidebook!
An essential reference for scholars of religion
The dark side of the human psyche
A groundbreaking work of scholarship
A no-frills guide to a world of scripts
A concise, yet comprehensive guide
A poet with a bold cross-cultural vision
An important personal and political testament
Rich in marvelous images
A magnificent gathering of Latin American women's voices
A powerful testimony of enslavement and defiance
The final (?) testament of a diabolical prophet
A superb guide to the world of butterflies
Blasphemous!  Erotic!  Brilliant!
A beautiful tribute to a modern heroine
A vital tribute to an architectural genius
An extraordinary multicultural journey
A beautiful and useful reference
A surreal satire
A diverse collection of home plans
A superb tribute to the American home
A towering landmark of American literature
How do you follow up a classic?  With another classic!
A strange and wonderful book
A great book for the scientifically-oriented child
A true poet of the people
Literary snapshots with political bite
(Tolkien + Dickens) x Cleary = Rowling
Required reading for Latin American studies
An excellent, but not flawless, resource
A valuable glimpse at 19th century African American life
An epic panorama of African American literature
Stories from a master of irony
Visually impressive, but morally questionable
A beautifully illustrated introduction to a great poet
A work of timeless insight and gentle beauty
Poetry with a timeless vision
Brilliant cartoons from a gloriously warped mind
. . . but is it great literature?
A poetic tribute to African-American religious oratory
A brilliant poetic satire
An informative but one-sided introduction
Required reading for fans of the superhero genre
Classics of &quot;first contact&quot; literature
The innovative and passionate spirit of modern architecture
A Simpsons smorgasbord!
An unforgettable blend of adventure, mystery, and horror
The voices of Cree elders
Self-serving foolishness
A beautiful book for both children and adults
An excellent resource for teaching children about disability
An indispensable collection
A glorious treasury of New England home architecture
A compendium of honor and beauty
A true sage's thoughts on education
A poem of immense beauty and power
Quite possibly Dr. Seuss's greatest work
As beautiful as it is educational
The inspiring testament of a great priest
An essential contribution to Puerto Rican studies
A triumph of artistry and scholarship
Penetrating questions from a great poet/prophet
An ambitious project, but an uneven achievement
A superb introduction to a great mind
An intelligent and sensuous delight
Moral evasion and verbal masturbation
A visual feast for the home architecture aficionado
A potent blend of spirituality and eroticism
A delight for &quot;poopers&quot; of all ages and species
A lucid reflection on modernity and the Americas
A beautiful portrait of a child and his community
A powerful vision of Rapanui
Informative, but woefully incomplete
A badly written urban legend
A valuable guide to a wealth of literature
The &quot;Encyclopedia Rattica&quot;
An inspiring celebration of survival and pride
