The Primal Spiritual Tradition
The greatest work of the Society for Psychical Research
I didn't say it was possible- I said it was true!
The Universe is full of unreasonable things...
Jam-Packed with Fresh Cases
This is where it all started....
Best written, best organised, and most comprehensive guide!
My favorite Simak novel- just wish there was more.
A Loop between Life and Death
A Classic of Hard Science Fiction- Holds Up After 50 Years
Swedenborg: Scientist, Mystic, Confidant of Angels
Prayer for guidance and protection should always come first!
Time spent with old friends on a summer evening- fighting Death Eaters!
As good as Book One- deeper into the dream
The mystical path in the West- to Know, to commune, to explore, to mend
The dream-key of H.P. Lovecraft
Everything lies veiled in numbers.
Everything lies veiled in numbers.
But there are oceans and oceans. Seas and seas.
The true Light and Soul of the West
The One and the Good
Long Live Gloriana, Queen of Albion!
Dr. Lao and the Dance of Life
The Goal is Union with the Ultimate
The Gateway of Theurgy
The Gateway of Theurgy
I'll get you my pretty- and your little pig, too!
Gnosis is the Perennial Philosophy, the goal of the Mysteries
An immortal story of heroic men triumphing against unimaginable terror!,
An immortal story of heroic men triumphing against unimaginable terror!,
One of the best otherworldly and weird books ever written
An immortal story of heroic men triumphing against unimaginable terror!,
Standard Theosophy- and just a little bit more.
The True Shaman and the Shaman-Who-Is-Not
M.A.R.S. = Marine Attack Rescue Service
In 1940 Jim Corrigan entered the Light...
The One and the Good
The archetype of the Good man in the classical world
Gnosis and Jnana are of the same Root
The greatest piece of propaganda in human history
The Great Study of the Resurrecting God-men
The Goal is Union with the Ultimate
Has the ring of truth to it.
So he wasn't Lucifer afterall...
You can lose yourself for hours going from deck to deck.
The veil between heaven and earth has been rent!
Yachts that LOOK like working vessels....,
Yachts that LOOK like working vessels....
The Eighth Sea and its Merchant Marine
The real truth about death
One of the best, classic, modern NDE accounts
The end is the beginning- the myth comes full cycle
The Restoration of the Christian Mysteries
The One and the Good
Mankinds' dialog with a Higher Intelligence has never ended
They only changed the title and the cover!,
The Great Study of the Resurrecting God-men
As always, Chomsky is way ahead of the curve
Difficult people force us to think and grow
Dying is only a transition to a different form of life.
Our own, and the world's, divine ground
Landform, structure, and lithography- aerial interpretation
The myth, magic, and mysteries of the Great Mother
Introduction to the Eternal
Landform, structure, and lithography aerial interpretation
Landform, structure, and lithography aerial interpretation
Son of the Kree Empire- Champion of the Universe
Son of the Kree Empire- Champion of the Universe
The first of the working field geologists
The pioneering book on enlightenment episodes
Misery Loves Company
Mankinds' dialog with a Higher Intelligence has never ended
One host mind- many resident alien personalities...
We are spiritual beings who experience many dimensions.
The Lion of depth against the Wind of shallowness
Time trails in your own backyard....
An Excellent, Comprehensive Survey of College-Level Geology
Contact with the Shadow World
A Classic of Hard Science Fiction- Holds Up After 50 Years
John Constantine- a dangerous man to know
A reunion with an old, old friend- well worth the long wait!
In his celestial abode, Lord Vishnu smiled....
These are the tales that dogs tell....
The Goal is Union with the Ultimate
Worlds without end- human potential without limit
A mind-expanding book that clears up many mysteries....,
Easiest of the deep psychological tests to self administer
Our time is really motion through extradimensional space
The One and the Good
Perhaps the best tale of the otherworldly ever written
Simple, yet profound
Calling Forth Visions
Calling Forth Visions
The Divine Center
A sacred way of looking at the outer world
The secret life of a Taoist master
Gates of Ivory, Gates of Horn
Mysticism as the human, direct way to God
More Goetia than Theurgia
Seven paths toward union with the One
Faithful to the Dreaming
The Royal Road to the Unconscious
A true unified theory of Humanity
Perhaps the best tale of the otherworldly ever written
The Ubiquitous Backdrop to 19th Century America
A Strange Sort of Puritan Fanatic- Part 2
The Fourth Dimension as Higher Reality
Shangri-La or Shambhala- I'd make the journey in a minute!
The One and the Good
A true Mystery Book
Seven stories by the Poet Laureate of S.F.
Polaris unit- Staaaand TO!
The Yankee sailor that saved the Chinese Empire
If this is not a "how-to" manual; it is damn close....
The End of Huashan
One can be both Man and Butterfly- Transcend Paradox!
The Gods have a test for us to take...
A remarkable cosmic vision- of decay and dissolution...
Role models of spiritual attainment
Reputation is a double-edged sword
There ain't worse than me in all of Hell- Go see!
A tool to help the Tao break through...
The Tao is older than Taoism
A true Arhat is a Tao Hobo
Dedicated to the Few
Dedicated to the Few.
Follow your star, and if it fails, follow your heart!
The Sarmatian Knights of the Dragon Standard
Keeping Body and Soul Together....
For all those who walk between the worlds- and return
Not filler and rejects- fits the flow of his life
For all who pass between the worlds- and return.
We are the Last Defense against Evil
We are all centered in the Tao- we have but to realize it.
Blue Sky or Rust Belt, it happened to us all....
Winter came early this saeculum....
Principia Metaphysica
Social Poison
The Tale of St. Eliot of Rosewater
Principia Metaphysica
Worlds without end- human potential without limit
God/Goddess- balanced and blended in Man and Universe
First you heal yourself, then you heal the World
So he wasn't Lucifer afterall....
So he wasn't Lucifer afterall....
So he wasn't Lucifer afterall....
The Federation of Free Men
Current snapshots of the entire world
Essential snapshots of every nation in the world
The Classic Baby Boomer Children's Encyclopedia
The Lure of Other Worlds
The Lure of Other Worlds
The forgotten Code of behavior in Christendom
Social Poison
A Book with a capital &quot;B.&quot;
More than a vampire story...
Fine covers, but few pages
A bad design no matter how &quot;cool&quot; you dress it up.
Misunderstood Genius- Understood!
Know your Center
The stuff that dreams are made of...
The stuff that dreams are made of....
Rest easy by the fire, and I'll tell you Kal's story
The perfect companion to the _Tao Te Ching_.,
The Old Guard saves the world
From Cliche to Archetype to Cliche
The Being called Mercy
Little Book, Great Wisdom
The World behind the World
&quot;There is no religion higher than Truth.&quot;
Buddha's Doppleganger
I am still on the journey,sir, I still belong to the League!
Our time is really motion through extra-dimentional space...
The &quot;War and Peace&quot; of Science Fiction
Not all soldiers are warriors...
One of the best Geomorphology texts
&quot;There is no religion higher than Truth.&quot;
Guidebook to the Astral Realms
This book got me through Calculus
A marvelous little historical reference book
A book to be read if you survive the first half of your life
If Max could cut it, so could I...
A vast journal of cosmological contemplation
A validation of the shaman's path
If you were born under less than 50 stars....
Physical Immortality or Spiritual Afterlife?,
These are the tales that dogs tell...
A druid is dependent upon no man
The Foundation Book of Western Occultism
The core teachings of Gnosis
Kickin' it old-school
Principia Metaphysica
Infinity and Possibility
The Witchcraft was far more than it seemed....
An unbelievably good alternate worlds collection
Jnana and Bhaki in the West
A Strange Sort of Puritan Fanatic
Dream Warriors and the fate of Worlds
Beauty, Mystery, Faith, Timelessness
Beware the Horsemen of the Stars!
Magic- Redemption for a Man and a Kingdom
Divine Sparks to Kindle a Spiritual Beacon
Use it, or lose it!
The Patrol- and incorruptible Service in a dieing Empire
A shaman restores balance- a magician distorts it
A high quality, permanent journal
Metaphysical Refresher Cards
Metaphysical Refresher Cards
You are so much more than your current ego- AWAKE!
Handbook of the Celtic Renaissance
A treasure trove- both up-to-date and timeless
The Star Men's dream shall never die!
Are you a Member of the Beat Generation?
The dream of the Star Men shall never die!
A solid history of rigid airship development
The Foundation Book of Western Occultism
Dr. John Dee- Mathematician and Mystic
We are together, to the end of time.
We are together, to the end of time.
Traveler's Tales
Traveler's Tales
Into the vacuum poured the primal force of the cosmos.
Traveler's Tales
Ashes, and Stone, and Zombies
A Post-industrial Toon Town
An Archaeology of the Future
Futuristic Eye Candy from the Age of Optimism
Bears reading and rereading
Some of us at Callahan's are pretty fair empaths....
Some of us at Callahan's are pretty fair empaths....
Innate vs. Empirical in the Acquisition of True Knowledge
Hip, arty, intense- required reading for the post-literate
Theourgia= Divine Work
Lincoln said:
The unexamined life is not worth living.
It wasn't your fault.
A story of reluctant shamanism
Quiddity (the secret essence of things) must be preserved!
A Monumental Metaphysical Marvel
A Monumental Metaphysical Marvel
Quiddity (the secret essence of things) must be preserved!
Quiddity (the secret essence of things) must be preserved!
Quiddity (the secret essence of things) must be preserved!
The ultimate fantasy exploration and adventure series
I'll be a Blast-ended Skrewt....
Absolutely the most accurate and most convenient to use.
Before there was a country, there were Sacketts here....
The Ring of Truth
Before there was a country, there were Sacketts here....
Easy to use reference for the calculation of cusps
A Monumental Metaphysical Marvel
More Goetia than Theurgia
The Spiral is a Cosmic Symbol
The Spiral is a Cosmic Symbol
The Spiral is a Cosmic Symbol
The Order of the Magi
A Mystery tour of the Higher Reason
Scorpio- one of the most powerful signs of the Zodiac
Buddha's doppleganger
A Grand Synthesis
If I ever find myself in Venice....
Ignatius J. Reilly- the original &quot;slacker&quot;
Into the vacuum poured the primal force of the cosmos.....
There is no religion higher than truth.
Inner peace and ethical living
A sacred way of looking at the outer world
In my Father's house are many mansions.
Long Live Gloriana, Queen of Albion!
An exaltation of the Christ principle
Infinity and possibility
Long Live Gloriana, Queen of Albion!
Buddha's doppleganger
Buddha's doppleganger
The essense of the 12 principle Upanishads
Aslan was a Platonist....
A book to be read if you survive the first half of your life
Allah and Odin
A wealth of Victorian fact and fantasy
The book of the blood
A True Geographer's Atlas
The ultimate fantasy exploration and adventure series
The book of the blood
The wisdom of the People
The spirit of the Leaves
Meditation is concentration used to know God
Long ago the Great Mystery caused this land to be....
Long ago the Great Mystery caused this land to be....
Meditation is concentration used to know God
The universal meaning of prayer and its practice
Long ago the Great Mystery caused this land to be....
Meditation is concentration used to know God
The first comprehensive volume about Irish hauntings
An excellent, high-quality set of books on Medieval Wisdom
Heaven through the Ages
The forgotten Code of  behavior in Christendom
The difference between Justice and Law
Simak meets Lovecraft
Reality has more skins than a snake
The massive hidden unemployment/wealth redistribution crisis
For working machinists, toolmakers, and designers
The Authoritative Introduction to the Graphic Arts
For working machinists, toolmakers, and designers
One of the best Geomorphology texts
The Populist soul of Heartland America
Adds Interest to Any Trip
Adds Interest to Any Trip
The Transformative Effects of the NDE
The Transformative Effects of the NDE
From the City of Destruction to the Celestial City
The Great Dam of Time
For old children, fallen angels, and prophets everywhere
Song of Power
As long as the innocent are protected, our cause is just.
A Proud and Practical History
The universe whispers the same hints to us all - simplify...
A relic of another age...
The Elements of Practical Mechanism and Machine Tools
Pure, Essential, Archetypical
Opus Alchymicum
One Who Bridges the Worlds
The Zeitjugo- the mythical game of time
The voyage of the Eternal Champion upon the seas of mythos
The universe is not a morally neutral realm- even for spies.
You can lose yourself for hours going from deck to deck.
A detail-packed tribute to a great old flying workhorse
An Alchemical Romance
A Hermetic Labyrinth Leading to the Otherworld
An Alchemical Romance
Lucifer must be out of his mind!
Lucifer must be out of his mind!
Handsome, Concise, Perceptive- Excellent Reference Work
The Cosmic Cycle of Spiritual Evolution
Hefty, Handsome, Perceptive- Excellent Reference Work
Long Live the Republic!
The complexity of command- when you are all there is....
A Truer Emperor than Most
As the characters mature, so do the challenges
The True Spirit of Wicca
The Shadow Side of Greentown
The Intricate Language of Omens and Cycles
An authoritative single-volume compendium of ships
The Lights at Death's Door
The Trail of the Tao
If you can't tell a plantain from a thistle....
An Antidote for the Modern Mass Mind
A tiny, gem-like, practical marvel
Somebody shoot me while I'm happy....
The story of a true Philosopher King- and the eternal cycles
Our time is really motion through extradimensional space
He knew he was on the side of God, for God was at his side
The Way of Peace, some call it Aikido, all call it Good
A decent text and reference
Over sixty-one billion people have died in my name....
A Prophet awakens, a cosmic Jihad begins....
A Prophet awakens, a cosmic Jihad begins....
A Prophet awakens, a cosmic Jihad begins
The poisoning of the classical spirit
The poisoning of the classical spirit
A vast journal of cosmological contemplation
A Prophet awakens, a cosmic Jihad begins.
Channel markers of the cosmic currents
Channel markers of the cosmic currents
Channel markers of the cosmic currents
We are all ghosts, some living, some waiting, some gone
Before this book, I had written off learning solid modelling
The Poet Prophet of England
Word snap-shots of life
A Dream Key to the Artist's Life
Hey Baba Ree Bop!
Poets see hell through the eyes of angels
A Beat Generation Yearbook
The future isn't what it used to be....
It all starts with Dr. Suess....
Asimov on planetary geology and atmospherics
Comprehensive Data on all 42 Classes of Federation Starships
Volume Six of the papers of the Eranos Conferences
Volume Two  of the Papers of the Eranos Conferences
The master reference to the engineering sciences
A new de Toqueville
Truth dazzles gradually, or else the world would go blind...
A tourbook of the Land of the Dead
A druid is dependent upon no man....
A classic tool of the field geologist's trade
The classic manual of the techniques of field geology
The best of the hard sci-fi/adventure illustrators
The best single volume refresher course for physical science
Classical field Geology by a classical field Geologist
Capitalism from the viewpoint  of Democratic Socialism
Useful, comprehensive, professional- rare for the industry
War in the oil patch
A Holy Book not a law book.
The underlying currents of your life
The screen went blank....
The return of human meaning to the cosmos
The return of human meaning to the cosmos
The screen went blank....
Easy to use reference for the calculation of cusps
An antidote for more shallow interpretations
Absolutely the most accurate and most convenient to use.
The first rediscoverer of the Sacred Science
A book for pilgrims
Written by a monk, for monks
In my Father's house are many mansions.
Really well done, insightful, no &quot;dumbing-down&quot;
Medicine for the Soul
An education that will truly &quot;open doors&quot;....
The wrong side of the tracks in the rust-belt
Modern Mysticism
An old, old friend....
The old magic never dimmed....
The Long Twilight of Man
Mystic faith triumphs on an alien world
The matrix from which God reaches out to us
Encounters between the world of Men and the world of Magic
Seeing beyond the illusion of space and time
Goes into my permanent library collection
Halleluyah, I'm a Bum!
There's a meaness in the land....
God knows Himself in us.
One thousand years as a temple of learning and wisdom
An inspired system of spiritual philosophy
The deep esoteric meaning of the Cross
An accurate battery of self-scored tests
A magnificent source work for the intellectual intuitive
Easiest of the deep psychological tests to self administer
The end of worldly history
The contest is over, but the book still holds up.
Introduction to the Eternal
Tales of Pure Knights
It is easy to lose yourself in this book for hours....
The Duelling Code, or Code Duello
A sacred way of looking at the outer world.
Tales of Cosmic Justice
Tales of Cosmic Justice.
Highly sensitive people are an asset- not defectives.
Don't give up your day job....
A beautiful volume on the history of Wizardry
A Grand Synthesis
Neither allegory, nor fact, nor fiction....
Evil should hold no power over a good man.
A world of perpetual violent competition among elites....
Were we ever really this innocent?
When I'm totally fed up with "civilization"....
The nail at the center of the moral universe.
A good feeling and the ring of Truth.
Melts your mind into the beat mind-set....
The old magic never dimmed....
The good old days really were better.
The best introduction to Lovecraft and the Mythos
The interpenetration of the universes has begun....
Whenever I get too depressed with a clock-work universe....
The amateurs always throw the obscure terms at you....
My favorite Simak novel- just wish there was more.
The amateurs always throw the obscure terms at you....
Tempted to look for the Beekey Bros. warehouse....
A translated and modernised error is still an error....
A translated and modernised error is still an error....
A translated and modernised error is still an error....
You just KNOW that he got it right....
Jaded 20th century views imposed on the 5th Century B.C.
Latin Light....
Nostalgia and blinders....
Our time is really motion through extra-dimentional space...
The essence of the twelve principle Upanishads
A good starting point for understanding mythic India.
A hand written book should be a hand made book.
Still the nagging feeling of truth....
Kant accepted that our spirit conjoins two worlds.
The best single volume reference on philosophy
Grimjack: Demon Knight
Worth the extra effort....
A strange sort of Puritan fanatic....
"Our time is really motion in extra dimensional space."
I am still on the journey,sir, I still belong to the League!
Buddha's doppleganger....
A remarkably clear introduction to Astrology
A mind-expanding book that clears up many mysteries....
If I ever find myself in Venice....
A Common Sense History of the United States
Before there was a country, there were Sackets here....
The old horseplayer beat the odds....
Of course Uncle Sam is schizo....
Of course Uncle Sam is schizo....
If you can't field strip it, you shouldn't own it.
Immerse yourself in the true 19th century reality .
A price must be paid for wisdom....
Being a demi-goddess isn't easy....
A place to run far away from....
A marvelous little historical reference book
Excellent fantasy, and possibly something more....
The best case for the lost civilization
There is a hereafter. There is Justice. The Spectre is both.
"As Above, So Below"
A most competent sabotage manual
A great history, identification, and price guide.
Works on all levels, all themes.
The title pretty much says it all....
The irony is that nobody sees the irony....
Perhaps the most accurate prediction of Modern Times....
What engineering is really all about
If you've ever worked in design....
The pioneering book on enlightenment episodes
Finely developed unconventional characters in grand Mystery
A primer of dreams, a portent of endings....
Morpheus, Dream of the Endless
A very accessible anarchist document
Sigh! So Buddy finally &quot;grows up&quot;.....
The once and FUTURE king....
Simak's _Pilgrims's Progress_
Guderian's bible....
The best of the "Big Book of" series
Intended to shock and challenge
A book of the Anima Mundi
The perfect companion to the _Tao Te Ching_.
The perfect companion to the _Tao Te Ching_.
Good enough, but should have delved deeper.
The best single guide to the Cthulhu Mythos
One of the best otherworldly and weird books ever written
Like continuing an old friendship....
Correlation is not necessarily Causation.
Best written, best organised, and most comprehensive guide!
Best artwork AND best writing!
Dannion Brinkly, D.O.A.
My personal favorite of the Alex Ross/ Paul Dini books
The "War and Peace" of science fiction.
A perfect gift, especially at Christmas!
Don't forget to save the old guides!
Bears reading and rereading.
P.D.K.- Always ahead of the curve.
One of the three funniest novels that I ever read.
The nagging feeling of truth....
Doesn't square with my own experience in the real world.
A modern Gnostic master.
The World behind the World.
An Intellectual Sourcebook
A long history of existence to the community....
A Book with a capital "B."
The true priesthood of the world.
Ignatius J. Reilly, the original "slacker"
Simply the best practical electronics text.
"The universe gave us a number."
You weren't the only psychotic in the dorm.....
As always, Chomsky is way ahead of the curve.
An exaltation of the Christ principle.
Here is Wisdom....
Passing strange, indeed....
The American Social Contract
A dish of lime-vanilla ice, please.
More than a vampire story.
Bittersweet nostalgia from an alternate future....
Very intelligent, well organised, gorgeously illustrated,
If you were born under less than 50 stars....
An angel sent by the almighty in the Union's hour of need...
Into the vacuum poured the primal force of the cosmos.....
The single greatest western epic ever written.
A real blast from the past!
Classic Space Opera
A true classic in the field.
A justification of the worst kind of wage slavery.
&quot;To the Secrets of Four, Five, or Even Six Dimensions&quot;
The essense of the Quest.
A gem-like exposition of the perennial wisdom.
The core teachings of Gnosis
The best explanation of the higher meaning behind the ritual
"Know Thyself"
You'll end up feeling better about Mankind
Type theory actually works!
A bittersweet experience....
A validation of the shaman's path....
Mankind's natural spiritual guides.
This story was made to be read aloud.
If you liked Mein Kampf....
This book restores the soul....
One long, magnificent, riff of the written word....
Honor can never be regained, only "recollected."
Manual No.5
I could see Bruce Wayne obsessing over this book....
The best thought-out analysis of synchronicity I've found.
Sounds like the way I've been living for years....
Inner peace and ethical living
The most mystical of Burroughs books.
Kilgore Trout Lives!
A working-class voice in the industrial wasteland....
Respect for the hard-scrabble life- past and present.
Scholarly, yet well written and meaningful.
A Schopenhauer gone to seed....
The &quot;golden thread&quot; that runs through all great teachings...
Marv makes the book.
Armageddon has arrived.
"Write while the heat is in you."
The philosophy of sociopathy.
A guide to living on the razor's edge of honor
Reads like a bullet, and leaves nothing out.
The Tao will never leave you.
You can see it in your mind's eye!
Not all soldiers are warriors....
A fitting tribute to a great ,and good, man
Down-to-earth humanity and depth of philosophy
Culture cannot be taught....
For the compulsive test taker....
Honor can never be regained, only recollected....
Lucifer must be out of his mind....
"The wanderer cannot wait forever."
"There is no religion higher than Truth."
"There is no religion higher than than Truth."
"There is no religion higher than Truth."
More than a mere &quot;how to&quot; manual.
Now I know why I was drawn to Tolstoy....
Remember growing up in front of the T.V.?
The toy that got away....
THE classic prospecting text
I thought that it was real- right up to the dinosaur....
An old, old friend....
And all because he followed his bliss....
The One and the Good
You always end up back at Plato....
It's all in Plato
Elseworlds- or OUR world....
The Corporate Way is NOT the American Way
Speaking Truth to Power
Simple yet profound.
Harold, creator of worlds....
Somewhere on the threshold....
The Book of the Blood
A tarot reference for a lifetime.
Trusted Friends....
Trusted Friends....
Like rapping over coffee with a trusted friend.
Perhaps the most profoundly meaningful paper of modern times
A book to be read if you survive the first half of your life
A most elegant example of the three part novel.
Long Live Gloriana, Queen of Albion!
This is a book without guile.
Do you know the difference between theurgy and thaumaturgy?
Long Live the Republic!
A Man with a Moral Conscience....
A Man with a Moral Conscience....
Golden Eternity, the Tao, Spirit, or Self
This &quot;comic book&quot; needs to be read in middle-age.
The only perfect life is one lived in seclusion.
A Nostalgia Book for Upper-Class Coffee Tables
This book got me through Calculus....
Perhaps it is Merely Fiction, or Perhaps Not....
The Unified Field Theory of Metaphysics....
A remarkable admixture of the sacred and profane....
Here is Wisdom....
I finished this book on Halloween....
What More Could One Ask of a Book?
An exaltation of the Christ principle.
The true nature of time and reality....
Life was Meant to be a Struggle
You see, you weren't the only psychotic in the dorm....
