Love, loss, guilt and how one woman lives out her destiny.  Disturbing but excellent.
The most comprehensive book about Vietnam ever!  My highest recommendation!
Irony and wisdom from a blue collar automotive worker.  I loved it!
The shameful legacy of slavery brought to life.  Great book!
Just too disjointed and lacking narrative flow.
Good narrative flow but the syrupy philosophy made me wince
Injustices are everywhere.  But Zorro will prevail!
Exotic setting,  deep secrets and a troubled family
I was captivated from the first sentence.  Great theme, fine book!
A Pulitzer Prize winner.  And I can well understand why.
There's the Depression, but there's the Hoover Dam to build
Kept me awake at night thinking about what could have been
Lots of whining from Class of 69 who have never grown up
The Balkan tragedy and the mass murderers on trial
Living an Eskimo way of life already abandoned by Eskimos
Good fictional story in spite of some revisionist history
The impact of war on Rhodesia -- its people and its soldiers
The tourist industry exploits its workers too.
The soldiers came.  And one woman's life changed forever.
An up-close and personal look at U.N. impotence. I loved it.
The changing world of American Indians and a good story
Slavery's injustice.  And human, complex moral issues.
A fine book.  A worthwhile read.  I hated it!
Accept the concept of time travel.  Then it's a love story.
Exercises that work.  And I've rediscovered pineapple!
An epic tale of adventure, plunder, murder and revenge!
The sounds, the smells and the danger - a journalist's tale
Every dreamed of a windfall?  You'll LOVE this book!
No lofty ideals;  just clear writing and one man's story.
Weirdly fascinating tale centered around the sense of smell
Romance, revenge, passion and adventure!  I loved it!
Growing up in Vancouver's Chinatown in the 1940s
I felt the adventure as the author travelled Che's route
Morality tale of good and evil that's a real page turner
I got to know Stephen King as a person.  And I like him.
Good literature with much food for thought
Good writing and haunting story, but too confusing
Good writing but no clear resolution.  Disappointing.
An epic work to spead the word of peace in the world
Mini-masterpiece of poetic imagery and great storytelling
Hate, anger and love.  And the characters leap off the pages
Real and surreal stories with unclear plots and themes
Gave me new understanding of Haiti over the last 20 years
Wonderful fast paced read.  I couldn't put the book down.
Growing up with conflicts and memories of Vietnam
Politics only the backdrop of a story about relationships
Personal and yet universal stories from a fresh perspective
Afghanistan is the setting.  The story is fine classic drama
The war in the Balkans and its sorrowful truths.  Fine book!
Not one boring sentence and the action never stops.  Great!
Fine book  about the bitter lives of sugar-cane workers.
Searingly intense, timeless, perceptive and optimistic!
Grave robbery to advance medical science.  Good story.
The story of people.  And the story of a place.  Fine book!
Mill workers' lives intertwine as a labor strike looms.
All of a sudden I realized how big our universe might be
Is democracy the best form of government for everyone?
Romance amidst the horror of Rwanda.  Great story!
October 1967 -- a pivotal month in American history
Teaching literature in Iran during the revolution and beyond
Lots of writing skill but I yearned for a better story
Realities of the joys and absurdities of living in Siberia
Bittersweet sadness in this modern immigrant story
Haunting sad story with an underlying feminist agenda
Bangladeshi immigrants in London.  One woman's story.
West Virginia, 1932 --  and the choices one woman made
Action packed, fascinating and impossible to put down.  Wow!
Honor, character and leadership.  That's West Point!
A beautiful story that never stops being sad.
Ecological tragedy, family secrets and a wonderful story
Great story set in the shadow world of love between women
I held my breath at every turn of the cards.  Great writing!
Fast paced, humorous and very real page turner.  I loved it!
Valuable lessons.  But just not for adults.
Fine character development and sense of time and place
An experience of Hong Kong before the 1997 turnover
A hilarious romp through academia
A marine's story of adolescent bravado as well as fear
Intense provoking tragedy as wills and cultures clash
New York City seeths with unrest in the hot summer of 1863
Romance and adventure and the California gold rush
Unique worldview of the author's life and his generation
Well-crafted glimpse of a quirky loving Minnesota family
Good sense of place, great characters, but weak plot.
Satirical spoof. I found myself giggling throughout.
Beating the odds and living a constant adrenaline high!
Clear thinking about all that is good about America
Conflicts and brutality as the Old South slowly dies
The heart of a man tortured by his own conscience
A sense of history and our own place in the world
Modern living.  Complex quirky people.  Great writing.
A harsh time in history when ruthlessness ruled
Universal truths that I wish weren't so
Good history, but the characters just didn't come alive
An idealist, he wants to change the world for the better
Dialog sparkles as  tension deepens.  Great story!
One family's history through slavery to the present
The realities of Vietnam as it is today
Her invective about liberals could also be called slander
Very persuasive, but emphasizes the extremes
Stories that uncover the tragedy of the human experience
WW1 comes alive with all its blunders and madness!
Oppression.  Horrors.  Misdeeds.  A controversial world view
A romance amidst famine and frustration in the Sudan
A wild comedic ride up the Missouri River in 1832
Transcends being just a good book.  It's a work of art!
Gangsters.  Gambling.  Las Vegas.  Violence.  I loved it!
The place is the Marshall Islands.  The theme is universal.
Is this a modern version of "A Modest Proposal"?
The real story about Theodosia and her father, Aaron Burr
He describes it all.  And he also questions why.
The wise Inspector Wexford has his suspicions...
Passion for orchids.  And the writer's passion for the story
Sri Lanka and the bloodbath that is totally out of control
A harsh life, but yet there's humor and no self pity at all
Women on the picket line and its impact on their lives
Love and politics in during China's cultural revolution
Opens your eyes to life in Eastern Europe.  Read it!
A skilled writer, but too much ambiguity for my taste
Well crafted and lyrical, but just not believable
Uncovers the gross underbelly of the Southern mystique
Classic South Seas story  which has stood the test of time
An Englishman's exploration of what it is to be Japanese
Searing photographic essay of a soldier's harsh reality
Startling beauty, lonliness and isolation in 1915 Alaska
Tugs at chord of isolation we all have.  Excellent book!
Rich description, wonderful characters, great writing!
The landscape itself plays a major role in the story
Misinterpreting hidden meanings while looking for love
Unhappy people trapped in sad webs of their own making
Little focus and much too one-dimensional
Goes beyond the facts and lets us meet the people.
Interior monologues by a gifted writer.  Just not for me.
Sad and funny and very very human.  I loved it!
Glimpses into the heart of what makes us human
Discomforting  view of humanity, with no comic relief
Set it Vietnam in the 1950s, it's a warning about the future
Intrigue, betrayal, and constantly shifting alliances
Seemingly simple but emotionally complex story
Buffalo soldiers in wartime Italy and a magical story
I thought I knew who the murderer was.  I was wrong.
A great sense of history but too much like a romance novel
Fine British literary gem with fabulous nuanced dialogue!
Rich description, wonderful characters, great writing!
The structure added depth and texture to a story well told
Authentic, fast paced and action packed
Seemingly simple story about the choices we make daily
An intellectual epic work,  but much too long and boring
Magnificent scenery and aching muscles - the cowboy way
A wonderful adventure and a great story!  I loved it!
Challenged my perceptions, but just too disturbing
A few interesting insights but confusing and depressing
A missionary Congolese childhood, remembered with love
Breaks sterotypes as well as tells a good mystery story
She thinks she understands Western culture. She's wrong!
The outlaw spirit seething underneath 1950's conformity
A lesson as fresh today as when it was written
Unique portrait of Africa's peoples and complexities
A prison guard's tale of Sacco Vanzetti -- and much more!
A fine book!  And destined to win even more accolades!
Poignant portrait and a good story, well told
Mildly recommended for Mafia fans only
Some of these stories would make great movies.
Never a dull moment or a wasted word
A work of art and a fine book.  I hated it!
A political philosphy not often seen in mainstream fiction
The best book I ever read.  Don't miss it!
A vein of iron through life's struggles and disappointments
A masterpiece -- and I will never forget it!
Mother love in a setting of tourists and strip clubs
Complex by design and difficult to read
Good gangsters and bad gangsters in a wonderful story
This isn't fiction;  this is real!
Now I understand the reason for Edith Wharton's title
The scope of the conflict that ripped our nation apart
Romance, intrigue, passion and patriotism in Poland, 1791-94
Witness to a time of crisis
Enriches my experience of the World Wide Web
A quest to discover the world as well as discover herself
Personality conflict and tension in a great history lesson
A unique and personal view of this young man's Liberia
A smile and a springboard of inspiration is guaranteed
Simply wonderful.  I LOVED it!
A romance of a sort, with Africa itself
The seclusion of women through the eyes of a child
She loved Africa -the people, the place and the way of life
The story of a young man who came to Africa to find God
These goals are not impossible
A serious work with no apologies for her feminism
A message that everyone agrees with anyway
Essential background to understand events today
This would make a great movie
Characters spring full-blown from the author's imagination
An inspiring message on every page
If she could do this, anything is possible!
A complex drama filled with passion and tragedy...
A fictional story about the famous Vermeer painting
The best book about Africa I've ever read
If you're looking for comfort, you won't find it here.
A good read that rises above the  soap opera genre
Modern-day Arctic exploits of a British curmudgeon
A journey of discovery for the reader as well as the writer
Not a happy ending, but a satisfying read
Betrayal and ghosts and a curse through the ages....
Sharp witty insights into the realities of love and loss...
In spite of being property outfitted, danger was everywhere
Sparkles with the electricity that is the running theme...
Something to make me wince on every page ...
A family who followed their dream one special winter
Angst and self discover along with a great story!
More than just a story of cruelty, war and terror...
Stereotyped and flawed but it still held my interest
You don't have to be Christian to enjoy these stories
Savagely funny and sad underbelly of the American dream...
If you can get past the attitude, there's a lot to learn
Great characters, good story and an ecology lesson
More about whales than I ever thought I wanted to know
Historical reality of the whaling industry brought to life
A unique view of modern china -- from idealism to reality
Absurdities, chance circumstances and cruelties of life
A startling story with a deep underlay of sorrow...
An original and groundbreaking work of pure genius!
Action, authenticity, plot and unique memorable characters..
The legacy of Vietnam from a South Vietnamese perspective
Tension mounts as we wonder how the killer will be caught...
Social commentary, mystery, romance and a great story...
An attempt at understanding the &quot;white boned demon&quot;
Angst of adolescence with a hard-edged sense of humor
Love and respect for the native peoples of Canada
Expanded my knowlege and understanding of Yemen
The contrasting worlds of a mutli-cultural family
Probes deeply into the hidden abscesses of human behavior
The story of Alaska in all its glory!
The tension is in knowing the inevitable conclusion
The realism of the underbelly of the mob
In spite of the harshness, the love and caring shine through
Looking back on the rude stream of life
A way of learning about Tibet
Gritty realism and discordantly sick and sadistic ending
Disgusting, but impossible to forget
Terror, turmoil and passion in 17th century Spain
All the elements of a good Mafia novel
A journey of discovery
A backpack and a sense of adventure
Magical and well written.  Just not for me.
The sweep of history made real
An eye-opening book that made me yearn to know more
Not exactly Leif Eriksson's voyage
A rich story on many levels
Macho boastfulness and a bit of humanity
Everything I have ever wondered about foot binding ...
A modern female perspective of the frozen south
The flavor of the city I love
Unique Las Vegas views from a variety of writers
A haunting tale of a dark time in history
A comic and satirical view of Communist China
Experiencing a very special part of America
An ethnocentric focus on strangeness
The story of Hawaii itself
A flawed and imperfect human being
Merely finishing this race is a great adventure
Indomitable spirit and nurturing love
Inside the mind of a serial killer
When the way of the wild was a fact of life
Corruption, communism and creeping capitalism
A cast of supporting characters tell the story
Added a new dimension to my perception of the world
Proof that madness has nothing to do with intelligence
A story of romance with romance
Love, life and loss of innocence
No easy answers
A modern odd couple
Wisdom from a lifetime of diplomatic experience
Humanization of drug dealers
Fantasy fiction with a message of hope
Good beach reading
No pull at my heartstrings
A good story. And isn't that what reading a book is for?
Bullfighting through the eyes of Hemingway
One big puzzlement
The Asian Holocaust through the eyes of a British reporter
The geisha world, where every movement is structured
A dark journey into the depths of the soul
A fast read on a rainy day
A teacher brings a new way of thinking to her students.
Human errors, tradgedy -- and also great beauty
Wide-eyed in Greenwich Village in 1947
An erotic thriller to haunt your nightmares
Birth and Tragedy in Vermont
Just couldn't stay awake
Lightweight, but might make a good movie
A beacon of hope for a better world
The terror of raging waters
Good characterization but bad geography
Not as light and frothy as the title implies
A story well told, rooted in ancient tradition
The story of people and the story of Cuba
A fresh voice on a familiar theme
An Impoverished Childhood Diet
It's message is one of deep values
A Fictional Story of Colonialism
Of Baseball and Nuclear War
A Smoky Mountain Odyssey
A Fresh Look at the Civil War and the Modern Day South
The Internal and External Challenges of  Polar Adventure
A Young Journalist's View of The Former Soviet Republic
The Reverse Side of the American Dream
Jounalistic Adventures in the Middle East
Growing Up Indian and Rediscovering Her People
Vietnam Today from a Unique Perspective
A sad and human story
Through the eyes of a holocaust survivor's daughter
A Depression Era Childhood Revisited
A Spritual Rediscovery
The Story of Women's Basketball!  Outstanding!
Kingsolver's Best
A roller coaster ride through myth and mayhem
The cadence of Jamaica
A good read with believable characters
A clear voice among the madness
Growing up poor in Hawaii
At last, an authentic voice from Hawaii as it really is.
