Gold over paper
Methuselah's Troopers Will Fear No Evil
Bring back their plastic
A short history of American freethought
Brief, clear, and erudite
'Radicals in robes'? Hardly
Reverend Roy vs. the First Amendment
Why same-sex marriage is Constitutional
Very cool
Toward a jurisprudence of original meaning
A pleasant surprise
Excellent
Not well reasoned
Excellent introduction to the Constitution
'Good intentions' are no substitute for competence
Part biography, part homily, all Medved
Stupefyingly bad
Unions, Dems, organized crime, government, and terrorists
For those who really want peace
A pantheistic cosmology
Crichton strikes again
Wickedly funny
Throw away the destination and keep the ladder
'Somebody's going to pay'
Reagan won the Cold War -- without their help
Possibly Coulter's best book to date
Conservatives strike back
Un-rewriting history
Unmisunderestimating Bush
Is this the best that Bush's critics can do?
Delightful
First-rate investigative reporting
A great resource
Good positive case, overbroad characterization of opposition
Buy this edition, not the more expensive ones
Heinlein would have enjoyed this
Shaping up to be a great series
Economics as 'human action': Rothbard builds on Mises's work
Stephenson has become one of my favorite authors
THE single greatest SF collection
Sloppy, flippant, and misleadingly titled
Farther out
A great and haunting collection
The best of all possible worlds
Happily ever after?
Hang on, Friday -- baby's coming
Better than you've heard, but don't start with it
I say it's spinach
Good; should have been great
Heinlein sails beyond the sunset
Ick
Heinlein's theological 'cosmic comedy'
One of his best juvies
Something for everyone
Do. Not. Start. Here.
Still on my nightstand
For Heinlein's Children
A fine paranoid thriller
The next screen
'Find the cost of freedom . . . '
And from the other end of the skill spectrum . . .
So when does the first flight leave?
Gorgeous
Stars and bars
Introduces differential geometry to advanced-calc students
Linear algebra for mathematicians
An old friend, and still a great read
Thoughtful and compelling
One of Heinlein's top three
"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent."
A fine collection
&quot;From now on I'm a Gand&quot;
A fine collection
John W. Campbell said this couldn't be done
A fitting close to the Foundation series
Asimov still hasn't been rivalled
One of Heinlein's three finest novels
An old friend
A wonderful, charming SF tale
My personal favorite of the Foundation series
This one is as good as you've heard it is
Excellent introduction
A beautiful book
Worth reading
Brilliantly realized
Excellent reference
The ring of authenticity
Paradoxical reflections
Waging peace
DON'T PANIC
"A billy-clubbing by a Jed-I warrior" (the cover says so)
Remember why you're here
Animals as property?
Why liberty is a win-win proposition
Natural capitalism=hippie capitalism=green libertarianism
A hippie in the White House
Good news: vibes are real
A modern classic that holds up well
"Well, let's bungle in the . . . zoo?"
Stephen may drive you sane
Whee! I just got this yesterday
Read the _full_ English translation
An excellent self-contained introduction to yoga
The lazy person's Dhammapada
Von Neumann, game theory, and the Cold War
Finite, all too finite
Math geek heaven
Nondualism
A fine and funny introduction
A fine scholarly history
Decapitation made easy
The philosophy of self-governance
An excellent introduction to seven British idealists
Decisions, decisions, decisions
A garden of Spinozistic delights
From moral values to the Mind of God
Weird in all the right ways
It's two books in one!
Knock your mind loose from your brain
A classic exposition of logic
Big, long, and hard to summarize
The first sentence of this review is true
When the world was Jung
A biography full of history
How "they" short-circuit our better judgment
The way is peace, the road is love
2L
One of the finest SF collections
Far out
The libertarian legacy of the 1960s
A fine book by a fine SF writer
Ambitious, but not always successful
A good story, extraordinarily well told
Ignore the stupid cover
World going wrong? Hit control-C
An intellectual roller-coaster ride
Zero-gravity dance and lots more
Idea-driven SF
How cooperation can emerge among self-interested actors
Mind-blowingly cool SF
Degrees of belief as an extension of Boolean logic
A most immaculately hip biography
Hey now
You are this season's people
The spirituality of economics, and vice versa
Mitchell's Jesus for teens and young adults
Get a contact high
An old friend back in print
Unintelligent design
The common teaching of all traditions ancient and modern
An excellent introduction to Emerson
Same as _The Spiritual Teachings of Ralph Waldo Emerson_
Shoes: who needs 'em?
Captivating
It's Whitman . . . wait, it's Mitchell . . . no, it's both
Translation or interpretive rendering?
Beats the heck out of Peter Singer
Shared pain is lessened, shared joy is increased
Transreal
Marvelous speculative fiction
Just keep this don't-know mind
Republication of _No Barrier_
Republished as _Unlocking the Zen Koan_
Magic
Just got this yesterday; already love it
The spirituality of conflict
Monetary perfidy exposed
Why liberty is a win-win proposition
Two of Spider's best
More timely than ever, unfortunately
The Return of the Least Weasel
Funny _and_ useful
Still handy, and still unique
A good short introduction
Probably R. Kelemen's best book to date
Speculative but sound
THE beginner's guide
Not bad, but not all that good either
God is in the details, and vice versa
"The God you don't believe in, I don't believe in either."
Epictetus for everybody
The history of pi -- and of liberty
Dragging economics and ethics within handshaking distance
Good introduction
Pretty good
Monumental, brilliant . . . and ultimately unconvincing
Expensive, but a good investment
Entertaining even if not authentic
Tour the mind of an economist
Helpful and reliable
Interesting; probably not authentic
I like the way he thinks
&quot;Difficult people&quot; as a Divine gift
NDEs, mysticism, and theology
Well-argued
Nonlocal mind and the (possible) power of prayer
Hard cases make bad law?
A fitting farewell
What are rights, and which ones do we have?
Nicely done
An overlooked gem
Not bad
A catalogue of sliminess
A must-read for lawyers and law students
Could portions of John's gospel be historical after all?
Polemical but useful
What sets Judaism apart
A thorough introduction and summary
What sets Judaism apart
The Psalms, sort of
Wildly uneven
All right, I'll give it five stars
Powerful but nonpolemical
Cost-benefit analysis in defense of liberty?
This is what real ontology looks like
Okay on law, but philosophically meatless
Handy overview of ADR
The moral foundations of contract law
Doon. Arruckus. Dessert Planet.
What to call 1000 lawyers reading this book: a good start
Law students and political theorists should read this
A classic text . . .
A fine hornbook
Useful and reliable
Student edition of a great treatise
Excellent hornbook
Just what it sounds like
A solid study
Thorough and solid introduction
A peek into the Utility Muffin Research Kitchen
A real tolchock in the yarbles, O my brothers
Some who bash Rand neither fear her nor misunderstand her
&quot;Christ, Marx, Wood and Wei / Led us to this perfect day.&quot;
Allie Fox: Narcissistic genius
Know Torah, know Jesus; no Torah, no Jesus
Know Torah, know Jesus; no Torah, no Jesus
A superb overview of recent &quot;Jesus scholarship&quot;
Cleary clear!
Historically Maccoby's weakest, but still worth reading
Unconvincing
One of Watts's best
What was Paul's role in the development of Christianity?
The Soviet theory of art, applied to Objectivism
Paul the Pharisee or Saul the Gnostic?
Of historical interest only
Her least original book, and she had help
Well done
The political dimension restored
Why sanity is better than drugs
Deserves to be reprinted
Law students, buy this
Law without the State
THE introduction to sound monetary policy
Twenty-five years of dialogue in one volume
Meaningful text or Rorschach test?
A philosophical consideration of religious pluralism
A potent little book
Sheer delight
An island of sanity in an ocean of lunacy
One of the finest &quot;Christian Zen&quot; books
A nice addition to the Wadsworth series
Qoheleth on the hazards of &quot;false rationalism&quot;
Five-star translation; one-star scholarship
A close critical reading of Spinoza's _Ethics_
Pay no attention to the little woman behind the iron curtain
Rand's ethics without her epistemology?
A case for the immanent rationality of private law
A fine free-market textbook
A watershed in the history of political theory
Fine intro to classical liberalism
A good short summary of Rand's errors
Exposes a gap in Objectivist thought; doesn't fill it
Includes a nice short critique of Rand's theory of knowledge
Pious and comprehensive; not marred by anything
Witty and brilliant.
Interesting and possibly authentic.
Great collection
Great collection
What is &quot;truth&quot; in law?
Good intro and overview.
Immensely valuable.
Solid introductory exposition to a broad range of outlooks.
Uneven, but worthwhile.
A good collection.
&quot;You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.&quot;
A series of talks by an examplar of the rational temper.
Rucker's best.
Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant.
What do religions have in common?
Get it if you can find it.
A classic in its field.
The best post-ACD collection of Holmes short stories.
A brilliant bit of Sherlockiana.
Not Meyer's best.
Meyer's Holmes: the best of the best.
Meyer's Holmes: the best of the best.
Well-argued and thorough.
How introductions to philosophy should be written.
Must reading for libertarians and egalitarians alike.
Brilliant derivation of libertarian &quot;basic rights.&quot;
A devastating analysis of empiricist epistemology.
An essential aid to students of Spinoza.
A fine translation of the Ethics.
Massive and thorough.
A devastating analysis of empiricist epistemology.
The great Thomas Hill Green at his best.
Three stars for effort . . .
Good topical collection.
A reader-friendly introduction to Berkeley.
Bradley's polemic against utilitarianism
Where does &quot;obligation&quot; come from?
A fine collection.
What are properties?
A small classic.
A classic development of Idealist logic.
Recovering the Old Right
Excellent introduction to epistemology.
Brilliant indeed...
The blind leading the blind.
Not Rescher's best, but still a fine book.
Thorough and indispensible.
Ethical monotheism made thought-provoking
Spencer's right; it's whack
Thorough and indispensible.
A solid pragmatic defense of epistemic objectivity.
Are our belief-forming processes reliable?
Another winner from Routledge.
A fine volume of Kantian moral philosophy.
Feder is a delight.
A modern classic.
What is truth?
Accessible and thorough.
Interesting, and a clear departure from Rand.
On the objective moral requirement of rational altruism.
A defense of rationalism against subjectivism and relativism
Fascinating and groundbreaking.
Fine collection, headed by a fine essay.
The movie industry's cultural influence: quo vadis?
I read it, and I made up my own mind.
Introduction to Evil
A "novel" approach to philosophy.
My judgement
Not bad, but . . .
Science and the Bible not at odds.
A brilliant defense of scriptural unity.
The Objectivist theory of value -- holes and all.
Best defense of atheism around, but still flawed.
Not bad, but still leaves Rand's flaws uncorrected.
A fine historical survey of philosophy.
A former Objectivist considers Rand's philosophical flaws.
Another fine work from a master translator.
A manifesto of Academic Marxists for Jesus?
Delivers what the title promises.
Same book as _Jewish Law: An Introduction_
Is the Roman Catholic Church an enemy of liberty?
Reclaiming Spinoza as a founder of modern liberalism.
Essays from the dean of Christian libertarianism.
What really happened to Gerd Ludemann
Just lie down and do what the nice doctor tells you.
A straightforward introduction to Moses Maimonides.
A good deal more lucid than Wittgenstein himself.
Classic popularization of logical positivism.
Solid and reliable.
Thorough and solid.
An excellent introduction to the Laws of Proper Speech.
Solid and informative.
This is a nice piece of work.
Straightforward and clear.
Accomplishes its limited aim.
McTaggart's masterpiece.
Josiah Royce: underrated, but not forgotten.
Josiah Royce: underrated, but not forgotten.
Shining ideals vs. _Atlas Shrugged_.
Excellent on Judaism, sometimes weak on economics.
A remarkable defense of panpsychism.
Solid and reliable.
Moral case for capitalism?
Headache? Keep the Motrin handy.
A mostly excellent job of demolition.
Minor corrections
A fine systematic treatment.
A remarkable book by a remarkable man.
A brilliant defense of a "polycentric" constitutional order.
Hard going, but highly rewarding.
Please read this. Please.
Attacks on Christianity hazardous to the health of Judaism?
A helpful introductory guide
Highly recommended.
Bosanquet's ontology of rights
A fine work on an important topic.
A helpful primer on Jewish business ethics.
For those who find manners and civility &quot;sickening&quot; . . .
Well, get it back IN stock ;-).
A World of Armstrong's Thought
Standing by my remarks
Worth rereading, and even rereading
A fine entry into Bradley's thought
Probably Rand's best book
New evidence now available
Highly recommended.
Good intro to Swinburne
A lucid introduction to a neglected subject.
A few reasonable arguments against it
A negative review with my name on it
Skip it; try P:WNI
Several rereadings later . . .
Good intro to Rand, perhaps -- but not to philosophy
Imaginative, but watch out!
A wonderful new translation.
An excellent book.
Get this book back in print, please!
Excellent selection from a great thinker
A highly readable and influential work by a seminal thinker.
An excellent introduction to Locke -- and to Lowe
Delightful good sense and good humor
An excellent short introduction to Spinoza's thought.
Excellent selections, lucidly translated
Excellent Objectivist critique of Objectivist positions.
Dogmatic? Bitter? Not in this book (well, not much, anyway).
Confirmation of this book's three-star status
THE introduction to anarchocapitalist, libertarian thought.
Essential treatise for free-market supporters
Wonderful translation
Rand's best nonfiction -- read it!
No conflicts of interest among rational people
Not bad, but dishonest
Brilliant and lucid poetic rendering; _not_ a &quot;translation&quot;
Good collection, surprisingly
Generosity as a rational-egoistic virtue
Good journalism; poor conclusions
Confused and confusing; animals don't have rights
A first-rate work of moral philosophy
A rationalist's survey of reason and religion
A rationalist's survey of reason and religion
Give me the &quot;old intellectual&quot; any day
They just don't write 'em like that anymore
A triumph by this century's greatest rationalist
Top-notch advice from a master of philosophical prose style
Give me the &quot;old intellectual&quot; any day
Controversial but thorough; torques off Randroids to boot
A cogent defense of coherentist justification
The alleged "voice of reason" at its least shrill
Somewhat slipshod overview of Objectivism's cultlike aspects
Brilliant overview and summary of Searle's thought
Who on earth thought this stuff was publishable material?
Classic Rand despite contributions of Peikoff and Schwartz
Rothbard's legacy: a fine posthumous collection
A cogent defense of a priori justification
Blanshard's best known work in defense of reason
Philosophy of aesthetics or manual for Randroids? It's both
Rand's case that sacrificial relationships are unnecessary
An eco-rabbi twisting Jewish tradition to suit his politics
Brilliant, insightful, comprehensive, but unfair to Rothbard
No replacement for Rand, but worth a read
The "rational temper" and its best exemplar
Economics as &quot;Human Action&quot;: Rothbard builds on Mises's work
The intellectual bankruptcy of the Left
Classic defense of property rights; great new intro, format
