Finally, A Fine Resource Art Book that Covers All of Art
On Merwin: Words of Praise Fail
Revisiting Paul Verlaine and Arthur Rimbaud: Another Season with Hell
A Chamber for Music Continues to Unveil Its Secrets
Vagaries of History, Family and Social Change From the Vantage of Place!
Memories and Deep Impressions
A Fine Catalogue of an Important Exhibition: Dialogues of Cezanne and Pissarro
An Extraordinary Achievement
A Flowing and Finely Tuned View of Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema
Gloriously Defying Logic and Embracing the Occult
Le Grande  Derri&egrave;re
Poems of Passion and Compassion From Very Open Eyes
'A Sea Change into Something Rich and Strange'
A Very Long Song.......
21st Century Young People's Story Has Much More Than A Fine Tale!
An Interesting and Well Researched Book Looking for an Audience
Inspiration and Illumination from the Source
A Source Book to Put an End to Myths and Prejudices: Healthy Information
"Drawing is the root of everything." Vincent Van Gogh
WG Sebald in the Guise of a Poet
A Photographer's Glimpse into the Creativity of Writers
A Visually Stunning Designer Bible: Part I The Book of Matthew
Simplicity
Author's Enthusiasm is Contagious and Almost Makes this a Good Read
A Slim Volume That Speaks Loudly
Force Feeding a  Goose for Foie Gras
In a World of his Own
And this is how the people in Baghdad feel....
The Compleat History of the Mysterious City of Alexandria
One Grand Painter: A Victorian Icon
A Traveler's Art Reference - Whether Actual or Armchair!
The Beginnings of Photography and the Paramount Importance of Subject
Simic's Homage to Things that Go Unnoticed
One of the Most Luxuriously Illustrated Art Books with a Message
A Song for the Aging
Thinking About Immigration: A Timely Retrospective View
Awash in Victorian Romance and Classicism!
Documenting the March of Time
The Great War in Retrospect
But the Answers are in the Photographs
'Grabshots' Illuminate the Grim Streets of Wilkes-Barre, PA
The Photographic Female Form as Sculpture
Bravo to Courage!
A Beautiful and Very Informative Adjunct to the  Monet Library
Mapplethorpe as Part of the Intellectual Museum Repertoire!
The Profound Beauty of the Momentary Encounter
The Pity of War
A Reminder of Beauty Past, A Notice of Beauty Present
Rich in Color and Atmosphere Despite the Tragedy of the Theme
A Closer View of the World of Animals
Replacing 'Kitsch' with Deserved Honor
Bringing the Atrocities of War Home
Fascinating Reading, But Does Biography Inform Art?
A Beautiful Tribute to a Pioneer Photographer and his Art
Simple Gifts
'Happiness is like a butterfly...'
An Ordinary Man and the Perennial Search for Meaning
An Author Who Captures the Essence of Asia through the Eyes of an Ex-Pat
Capturing the Essence of Edwardian Times with Contemporary Photographs
Interesting Ideas, Lacking Literary Content
An Alternative Approach to Successful Parenting Wisdom
Form Follows Function Follows Form
Jean-Michel Basquiat and the Rise of Multiculturalism
A Monologue on Energy
Bringing the Tragedy of AIDS in Africa to the Forefront of our Attention
The Eyes of the Subject Stand Guard to the Soul
Man and Animal: A Book Of Similarities
Nostalgia Documented
A Fascinating Story by  a New Author
Latinidad: Cultural Identity, Miscegenation or Diaspora -The Enriching of America
Forging a Way Through the Labyrinth of Possibilities: More Tales from JG Hayes' South Boston
The Inspiration for Gustav Klimt's Infamous Painting 'THE KISS'
Welcome to America  - at the beginning of the last century
A Satisfyingly Full Course Meal of  a Book
"I heard it on the grapevine..."
An Insider's Report: A Microcosmic Metaphor for the Corporate Problem
Themes and Variations: Making Poetry of the Past, the Present, the Future
The Visual Poetry of the Garden
A Man Who Crossed Disciplines and Abetted Creativity
Unfortunate Platform for American Soprano Deborah Polaski
When Intimacy is the Means of Communication Between Strangers
A Touching View of Young Israeli Troops from Both Public and Private Sides
Down to Earth Spiritual Optimism
A Ray, no Beam, no Klieg Light of Hope for Book Folks!
An Important and Entertaining Introduction to Stone Sculpture
And while you plan that summer vacation...
Tony Lindsay has established his own genre of novels
Colm T&oacute;ib&iacute;n, May His Tribe Increase!
Some Sound Concepts But Written with Bias
A Timelessly Important Yet  Also  A Timely Novel
An Insider's Perceptive Evaluation of an Important Art Body!
A Small but Concise and Visually Appealing Inside Look
The Radically Bizarre Source for the Best Fairy Tales
Starting Over
Every term you ever wanted to know but were afraid to ask
More than you ever wanted to know about Georgia O'Keeffe
A Powerful Argument for Same-Sex Parenting
Into something rich and strange....
And now Yes, You Too can really learn to play the piano!
When the Telling is more than the Tale
Illuminating Biography of Manuel Puig by his 'Spider Woman'
Poetic Purging
Valedictory for a Great Artist
A Fascinating and Reassuring Turnaround in Art Trends
Myriad Metaphors Woven into a Tapestry of Intrigue
Sumer is icumen in...
An Early Look at Cindy Sherman's Art
More than you ever wanted to know about Georgia O'Keeffe
A Little Photographic Memoir of an Important Edifice
Comprehensive, Novel Approach to a History of Abstract  Art
An American Bloomsbury Group
Innocence and Sensuality in Eden
The Wonderfully Peculiar Machinations of Burroughs' Mind!
Sincerity of Message, Clumsy in the Telling
Hilarious, Intelligent, Informed, Wise Kate Clinton!
The Great Enigma: History in Snapshots and Elegies
The Way Back Home
Good Message Searching for the Right Audience
Looking in the Mirror and Saying I Love You
A Uniquely Refreshing Voice
Such Resonance, Like Whispered Memories Among Friends
A Grand Old Southern Family Tale, With No Holds Barred
Why Poets Say It Best
A Searing Challenge to the Intellect and the Spirit
Deconstruction and Reconstruction: Anatomy as Art as Anatomy
A Mixed Bag
The Garden as the Source of History and Philosophy
A Woman of the Garden of Lasting Wisdom
The Gift to be Simple
The 'X' Files readdressed
The Bestiality of War: First Person Singular
Simplicity of Style Woven into the Wonders in a Child's Mind
The Most Important Resource on the Paintings of JMW Turner
The Other Side of Egon Schiele: Sensual Landscapes
Introducing a Fine New Author!
On the Brink
When Only  a Poet Can Explain
DEEP WATER: A New Writer's Passage into Fine Literature
The Inimitable Susan Graham: Soprano!
Refreshing and Reassuring to See this Book Widely Available
I Love This Book! The Lost Art of Journals
A Photographic History of the Male Nude of Great Dignity
The Museum as Photography Studio:Treaties with the Aberrant
A Dissection of Dichotomies
At least it is a start...
As Visually  Beautiful a Journey as Spiritual
A Nearly Lost Little Volume That Roars
One of the Photographer's Finest Collections
A Visually Stunning, Emotionally Bracing, Informative Book
An artist who deserves wide attention
Photography of Architecture as Archaeology
Wise, Wicked, Hilarious and Genuinely Sensitive Guide!
Still Life and Photographic Composition
Stunning and Disturbing...and Ongoing
As Important a Document as it is Fascinating!
Not a First Resource  Seeking Information on The Dirty War
Celebrating the Male Nude
Moments in the lives of Intricately Related People
An Important  Examination of the Oeuvre of Francis Bacon
War from the Eyes and Hearts of Medical Workers
At Last, the Definitive Work on Dorothea Lange
A Kaleidoscopic Survey of the Magnificence of Women!
Provocative and Fascinating Dissection of Life's Essence
Sentinels to the Passage of Time
Shining Reality
Youth Lost in Dreams, Vanity, and Solitude
True Heroes, Unsung until Carnegie
Most Decidedly, a Mixed Bag
When Science Fiction Becomes a Credible Threat
A Taut  Tale of the Mysterious Death of Christopher Marlowe
A Learned, Fascinating Paean to the Importance of GUERNICA
A Bow to Artistic Freedom and Sexual Awakening
The Compleat Princess Di
Tinkering with Secrets and Other Hidden Things
A Richly Diverse, Informative and Entertaining Catalogue
"Be what they think you are."
Exponential Alter Egos!
A Richly Elegant Monograph of an Important Artist
But is it a novel?
A Solid Survey of Representational Art in Los Angeles
An exercise in corporeal exploration
Out of the Curiosity Shop Comes a Sustained Intrigue
A Pungent New Voice for the Thriller Genre
And 'Matters' is a Verb as well as a Noun
Notable Footprints, but where do they lead?
A Finely Honed Examination of Maelstrom of the 60s
Were it not written by a woman, this book would be a scandal
Definitve Book Unveils the  Horrid Significance of Auschwitz
'Rage, rage against the dying of the light..'
An Author in Awe
A Gifted Writer and the afterburn of Personal Agendas
'Much madness is divinest sense to a discerning eye'
More than a Cookbook - A Parisian Experience
Before biting the garden bullet, read this!
The Connoisseurs Guide to the Maple Family
If the shoe fits....Ouch!
An Accomplished Marriage of Text and Visuals
An Stunning Novel by a Significant New Voice in Literature
A Fine Story Well Told by an Exciting New Author
'All that glisters is not Gold'
When a Catalogue Becomes More Then A Catalogue!
"What, in short, makes a photograph good?"
Ethereal Meditations on Mortality
A Dramatic View of the Past 14 Years by the British Press
A Mesmerizing Look at Los Angeles
In Praise of Serenissima
Photojournalism In Progress - An Astounding Book
Another Art Form Well Presented
And this is how tender Maleness can be
"On this fragile piece of land..."
The Mystery, Intrigue, and Fascination: End of the Romanovs
Fact As Better Than Fiction
'Out on the lawn I lie in bed...'
Swimming your way out of word soup!
An Astonishing, Soulful  Journey
WHERE PICTURES ARE WORTH FAR MORE THAN WORDS
And for those who want a daily reminder....
A Skillful Diversion
A Generous Bounty of the Self-Acclaimed King of Kitsch
A Glimpse at the Seeds of the Mind of Lisa Yuskavage
A Master's Touch
Feisty Flag Waver Teaches Us Much About Ireland's Image
Ask no question for which you might not want the answer...
Adam Raphael Is Becoming A Major Presence in Photography!
Quality Survey of Art History for both Beginner and Scholar
A Magnificent Obsession
Recent Penderecki Work Magnificently Performed
Every Garden Deserves a Dog
Gardens and their joys
A  Stroll Along The Filmy Line Between Fact and Fiction
A Must for Devotees of Italy and Italian Culture
Accolades for the lines of beauty in The Line of Beauty!
Worth searching for this set
War and Americans Spanning a Century
Worth searching for this set
And the story of Azucar grows richer and better
O To Live In Italy!
The Life of Owen Mackenzie as an American History
And beyond the Baby Boomers.............?
One of the Most Powerful Artistic Documentaries Available
An Adventure Book!
Beauty for the sake of Beauty
A Noble Monograph of an American Icon
'What is America To Me?"
Documentation of the Greed, Horror, and Inhumanity of War
Floral Reveries
Nan Goldin's Magnum Opus
An Intimate Question Posed to Famous Subjects is Revealing
An adventure for the mind, the spirit, and the soul
A Brave, Sincere, Warmly Inspirational Statement of Pride
Art with a Darker Palette
Intensely Interesting Question of 'What If'...
The Return of Humanism in Medicine: Hope for the Future!
The Return of Humanism in Medicine: Hope for the Future!
Some promise here...and a good little fast read
A Wondrous Novel that Explores and Celebrates Individuality
A Meticulously Crafted, Inordinately Consuming Novel
A Strange but Intoxicating Journey to Delayed Adulthood
Doctorow Delivers Gripping Stories about the Ordinary Man
Searingly informed,elegantly crafted,timely terrorist tale
The Pleasures of Reading the Intimate Henry James
The Genesis Seeds of Genius: Meditating on Henry James
And after the passage of five years...
A Most Eloquent Collection of Stories About Life's Cycle
A Golden Heart Hidden In The Banal
An Extraordinary Biography  and Full Frontal View of War
A Thoroughly Satisfying Book by a Genuine Original Thinker!
An Enormously Successful Novel - despite the hype!
One of the Best in the Patent/Jubb Series of Books!
A Beautifully Illustrated, Smart Book for All Ages!
For the Beauty of the Word
Fables, Foibles, and a touch of A Child's Garden of Verses!
EVERYMAN and War: The Sanctity of the Human Spirit
'Much madness is divinest sense to a discerning eye'
A Sensitive, Informative Book
A Meditation on Life, Death, and the Meaning of it All
An Acquired Taste
A Brave and Very Talented Author!
For Sheer Enjoyment of the English Language
"Beauty crowds me till I die"
In praise of simple things
A New Translation: DEATH IN VENICE more radiant than ever!
A beginning
The Monograph as Art Form
Relax and Set Sail on  Artistic Adventures with a Noble Cast
ATTENTION: A Bright New Comedian Has Arrived!
A Book Primarily for the SciFi Fans
A Fine Collection of Stories, A Fine Author
What It Means When We Say &quot;Victorian&quot;
Life Distilled: A Richly Rewarding Novel
A Word from the Other End of the Spectrum of Critics
A Walk Though Paradise Garden
Wandering back through the truths of a tale of relationships
The Care and Tending of a First Novel
Place This Book  High On Your Must-Read List!
Hilarious &quot;scripts&quot; for a 1st rate standup commedienne!
Kudos to Amazon.com for keeping an important book available!
A Classic Investigation and Summation
Magnum Opus!
THE AMERICAN OBSERVER
Looking for all the pieces of the puzzle - and finding them!
A Classy and Very Thorough Guide to Rio de Janeiro!
Wise Words From A Caring Thinker
In time.......
Summation in Retrospect
The Gift of Wit, Whimsy, and Wonder
A Brilliantly Researched, Illustrated and Written History
And let the debates begin!
A Fine Sampling of Some of Our Best Poets
A Labor of Love, from both author and reader - and worth it!
'Let him who is without sin cast the first stone'
Comedy and Tragedy and Why They Relate
Great Treasures We Don't Know in Tuscany
Coetzee and the Nobel "Ideal of Direction"
An Irish Feast by the Inimitable Patrick McCabe!
Five Suggestions Why This Book is a Best Seller
La vie Parisienne
Everyone's Desires
Venice - Enduring Mystery
A Pungent Slice of France
A Work of Honesty, Power, and Extraordinary Promise
A Beautiful and Engrossing Book
A Reprise
And after all the quashing there remains a tale
A wondrous reverie - rich and strange.........
Introducing A Masterful Storyteller !
Indulge your Eye and Insight
Serenissima: Venice from an Insider's Vantage
A worthwhile project, but less a Book than a Dissertation
Looking at Paintings and Seeing History
Looking at Paintings and Seeing History
A Joyfully Fascinating Guide to Looking at Art
The Sanctity of a First Novel
Simplicity and all its complications
A Fascinating Approach to Art as Life vs. Life as Art
A Fascinating Approach to Art is Life vs. Life is Art
The Joy of Discovering
A Magnificent Addition to the Library on Leonardo Da Vinci
Just when we desparately need this book
The Power of the Written Word
The Paramount Artist Biography
A succinct but dazzling portfolio of Vermeer
A Fundamental Reader Regarding Mythology
An escapist's dream
To Life.....and its entire spectrum
A Refreshingly Unqualified Success of a Book!
Altars to the Holy Roman Empire...and Art
A Visual Excursion through a Genius' Life and Works
Form and Function: A Literary Example
From the Heart, without fear
A Reviewer's Conundrum
Raising a Red Flag on a Hidden and Submerged Atrocity
Time Warp: An Inside View of the History of Radicalism
This book just becomes more important with time
A Summer in the Zoo
Musings on Messiaen's "A Quartet for the end of Time"
The Artist and Model Conundrum explored by a Master
An epic view of The Known World of black slavemasters
Macabre tales and dirty little secrets
Required Reading!
Solleone
A Long Night's Journey Into Day
Siberia and the Russian Far East unveiled
Step into a new dimension
The Resurgence of the Romance Novel a la Steven Millhauser
An Important Document, A Very Interesting Read
Creative writing about a heretofore unwriteable subject
On being the master of my fate, the captain of my soul
A Celebration of life - present and personal history
Much more than a memoir: a revelation
An excellent document of an important artist's life
Wise, thoughtful,  stimulating treatise on 'Whither Art'
Observation explored, dissected, and glorified
Hilarious and Heartrending
A small kernel begets a mighty harvest of a book
The Key is in the Title
Erudite, poetic, deeply enriching stories
Astonishingly Timeless
Inside the mind of EL Doctorow
"Behold I tell you a Mystery"
Tender yet unflinchingly real stories of Americana
A stunning, mesmerizing, exceptional  achievement
A successful wandering into the strange world of Henri Cole
Murmurs from the Darkroom
The Joys of First Person Singular
A Fine Collection of Drawings of the Nude
Hilarious comedy unflinchingly exposing its dark side
Important contribution to the studies of Racism in America
Amazing, Absorbing, Enlightening, Enchanting
Crabwalking history as novel
An approach from outside the corporate walls
The Definitive Tome on da Vinci as genius
Full of wonder shared with human frailty
Vagaries in the search of reality
Worth Struggling, this Acquired Taste becomes Addiction
What Journalism Can Be
A New Purveyor of Magical Realism
A Dazzlingly Brilliant Debut Novel
Timely, wise and informed
A Book for Our Times
Finding Life from the Portal of Death
The Spectrum of Love
A Major Catalogue Raisonne
Light as Art as it Illuminates Architecture
Hermeneuntics as Novel
A Tough Tale Tackled with Tenderness and Temerity
Mind and Heart: Where they meet and where they don't
A Posthumous Encore
The Essence of Walt Whitman
A Daring, Brilliant, Utterly Absorbing Major Novel
The Debut of a Virtuoso!
Appeals to the Eye and to the Intellect
A Major Contribution to the Field of Gender Studies
Fact stranger than Fiction stranger than Fact
A Walk Among People Whose Histories Whisper, Quietly
A Fitting Homage to One of the Unique Artists of Our Time
A Durable Tribute to a Fine Art Critic
A Prototype for Museum Catalogues
An uncanny imagination suffuses this collections of gems
If ever we need to heed this poet it is now
A Significant Contribution to the Literature on Oscar Wilde
Fleshing out John Singer Sargent
An In-Depth Survey of This Important Painter
When Less Is More
Life Imitates Art Imitates Life
An incredibly fine novel from a welcome new voice
Incoming!
A daunting but ultimately worthwhile Magnum Opus
A Sensitively Valuable Elegy
A Fascinatingly Brilliant Book!
A-Ha! A stunning breath of fresh air!
Unfathomable memoir for ssuch a Poet of beauty
Beauty Secrets
A Finely Written Novel of the South, the Sea, and  Love
A Book So Full
An engrossing novel, rich in philosophical meditations
The many forms of male bonding
The Marriage of Painting and Poetry
A Contemporary Journey to Plato's Cave and Back
One of Norbert Schneider's finest books
An evocative and inspiring monograph of Chicano Art
A Quiet but Convincing Evaluation of 'Perspective&quot;
What a Revelation!
A Light in the Universal Darkness
Do what you can to learn about this painter!
A very good read!
Ode to a floating, perhaps transient city
Fascinating story that takes its time pulling you in
The Book as Art
Worth searching for
Kitsch as Art
Opening the past and the mind of Joseph Brodsky
Venice, art, and being as only Mark Doty can illuminate
On returning home
A Glowing Tribute to one of America's Finest Artists
A Humbling Experience
The real imaginary world of Ruby Lennox
A brilliant marriage of art and science
A superb story revealing a heinous truth
Pensively sensual works
One of those Rare Books with phenomenal staying power
A mesmerizing, illuminating journey into the spiritual world
Indefatigable Dreams of Ordinary Men
An inspirational breath of fresh air
The Credibility of Observation Unveiled
An indispensible volume for the art of photography library
An auspicious debut novel
A Powerfully Sincere Indictment Against War
Return to the Source
A Joycean Primer
From the inside to the 'in'-side
A step beyond the usual
Promises met
A Remarkable Epitaph
A Timely, Richly Written Biography
A Superb Addition to the Artist's and Art Lover's Library
Food for thought
Notes from a Fellow Traveler
A Saga Rich and Strange
Magnificent Catalogue of a Magnificent Museum
And now in living color.........
A Concise, Lucid Approach to Richard Wagner
The Gold Standard on American Realism Painting
Art from Art from Art
Homespun prose from an elegant voice
Ciao Bella!
Higher Education Puzzles and Pundits
A Courageous, Scholarly, Thoroughly Entertaining Book
Unique  but  heavy handed
Found Treasure
An Interesting Overview
Quintessential Ireland!
Crazy Quilt of a Book
A Treasure Chest of the Exotic
Sheer Virtuosity!
Just about definitive
About being unique
Good storytelling
Another role of the artist
Fine Art Photography Finely Presented
Russo has done it again!
A thorough grounding in art appreciation
A Charming Diversion
Visually and textually informing
A Profound Novel under a Cloak of Simplicity
The Definitive catalogue raisonne of Piranesi
Entering the nether world of inspiration
A wondrous journey in words and passion
A Generous Sampling of the Genius of Stephen Ryder
A thorough if exhausting academic surveillance
At last a Definitive Monograph for Hunt Slonem
A Well Written Research on an Interesting Topic
How many lives does Mark Salzman have?
A luminous new star, illuminating
THE LANTERN BEARERS is simply brilliant!
Profound in its simplicity
A Staggering History: A Stunning Report
Not her best but still a treat
An Important Overview of a Century of Americana
A good study of our  state of communication dysfunction
A Monograph worthy of its Subject
Lessons in history, social studies and other yarns
The Author leaves you breathless
A brilliant case for the appeal of biographical novels
Methinks the lady doth protest too much
A stunning debut by a thoroughly unique talent
A multifacteted overview
A compassionate validation of the individual spirit
Not the best of his output
Much much more than meets the eye
A new, fresh highly focused voice in American literature
Whose words these are I think I know.......
A staggering achievement in writing.
A Quiet Genius
A  lovely, lyrical  romp
A testing ground of new tales for an established author
The Geography of the Human Form
Magical Realsim: An Extraordinary Explanation of Definition
Stranger than Fiction!
A durable masterpiece
A Wonder of Words and Moods
A deceptively simple tale
A spectacularly successful foray addressing Science and Art
Something to read to deflate your depression
Mr. Palahniuk's Wild Ride
A book too hastily dismissed
What  a  frolic!
This book contains the antidote for troubled times
A thoroughly entertaining, valuable addition
A long verbal purgative
An extensive and exhilarating menu
Walking the curve of the globe
A completely breathtaking experience
The art is beautiful but the book is short on inspiration
A century distilled
An Author with Finger on America's Pulse
The magic of superlative writing
Fulfilling a promise
An Insider's Understanding
Step into the bizarre
The Scholar and the Artist in Perfect Synchrony!
Homage to a Master Writer
A solid overview
Fine scholarly document but lugubriously written
A private workshop with a Pro!
A refreshing historical tour - the travails of the male nude
A brilliant, addicting read
A Personal Weekend with Stephen King
The power of this work is in the honesty
Frank, Honest, and Refreshing
At least we have this
But what about scale?
Purely for fun
The glory of the nude male revealed despite the times.....
Far more than a collection of elegies
An indepth look over the painter's shoulder
A seamless merging of painting and poetry
A book for everyone who seeks to know life
Look no further than this
A worthy topic  that demands more investigation
The joy of discovery
A definitve monograph
A  surprisingly fine , Felliniesque novel about Los Angeles
The Perfect Blend of Art Imitating Nature
A marriage of words and paintings
A fly on the wall
Magnum Opus
More Respect in Retrospect
A journey to the summit
Under the carpet view
A different slant
Definitive Volume
Face Off
Secret Vices
A literary catharsis
Dealing with incurable illness
Keep this on your bedstand
Polished to a gleam!
Facing mortality
The Garden of Earthly Delights
East meets West meets South
Flashes of fiery brilliance
Yet another Art Form
The author gets in the way
The marriage of Science and Art
A visit to the wine cellar for a vintage wine
Journalism vs Literature: a metaphor
Seeds sown in the soil of turmoil
A refreshing antidote to the dilemna of today
Another &quot;Hard to put it down&quot; little book
How to understand Communist China without even trying
An Indispensible Art Library Addition
Picano's Finest Hour
Looking at old photographs in the company of strangers
Looking at old photographs in the company of strangers
Too much maligned novel
Why we need Felice Picano
A well crafted diversion
So far this volume remains my favorite
Poetry becomes prose
Not up to his best
Moody, dreamlike, brilliant prose
A leisurely literary cruise
Rediscovering treasures
Things never said, Things never heard
An entertaining mystery, a more rewarding journey for origin
A treasured gift from a friend
Every traveller's dream.......
Hearty applause, Erasmo Guerra!
A more inventive writer would be rare to find
A eulogy for lovers
The Zenith of the Genre
An intoxicating expression of abrupt loss of love
A Memorable Collection
Indispensible little tome
Something to grow into
Listen my children and you shall hear............
A Major, Very Important Book!
An Incredible Feat  by a wondrous writer
Another voice searching for tongue space
A Major, Very Important Book!
Exploring the Dark
A gleamingly honest  and original vantage of life and death
The Definitive Volume
Stunning achievement
A book to basque in
A solid approach to Form and Function
Good .....until the last flush
If &quot;Before Night Falls&quot; caught you.....
A Quiet Flash of Brilliance!
Take a spin into the midst of the future
Through the glass, brightly
A backseat rider's view of Edmund White
Phoenix rising from the flames
Going back
It is the simple stories that tell so much
Refreshing stance
A terrific story in a challenging writing style
You CAN go home again!
Notes from the eye of the Artist
Art from a new vantage
An enduring masterwork
Better as a continuing journal than a photography book
Once again, lovingly
Much more than a witty diversion!
Out of sync with his talent
Encouragement for the writer in each of us
A new art form
Eloquent musings
An essential little book IF you are traveling to Mykonos...
The Seduction by a Bejeweled Elephant
Adressing love in the time of plague
Another little gem
Abreast with the best of them
A sustained whisper of promise
A discus, quietly hurling
A novel of Epic scope yet wondrously intimate
The Call to Engage
Magical Realism...or is it simply Surrealism?
Isherwood would approve of this form of biography
Accomplishing the Impossible
A Contemporary Parable
Feeling Whole
Three/three/three books in one!
Coming up for air
The Pick of the Litter
Read this bit by bit ...so that it really works
Another wondrous journey!
An absorbingly interesting novel
Shamelessly Romantic!
And you thought it was just a bizarre painting.....
A novel that offers a refreshing diversion
A resounding triumph
Still Life as a Forum for Scholars
An important, major survey that reads like a great history !
An aborted binge
An impressive debut
A laborious route to a magnificent ending
A Dog's Life as an Artist Bounty!
Prelude and fugue
And so it began........
A solid Story: A more Afterburn
On the beginnings of the id in art
An eloquent yet simple taste of Americana
Sweeps you away in spite of yourself
A masterful whirlwind day in Los Angeles
An elegy for facing our mortality
A raucous yet tender romp
A Luxuriant Pandora's Box!
The importance of being feline
A mesmerizing, gripping book
Well crafted Pulp Fiction
The universal search for identity
Moments with a kaleidoscope
A dreary trudge through personal agendas
We are such stuff as dreams are made on....
Entertaining/disturbing view of interpersonal relationships
The most cogent summation of the  Vietnam Mistake
Welcome Daniel Mendelsohn!
A novel with staying power
An Escapist's Time Capsule
A Natural Progression
An enticing Dance Card!
A deceptively simple, tender  set of diary excerpts
Hollinghurst continues to cast  Spells
Another delight for Art Lovers
A promising first novel and a very good read
A simple story becomes a contemporary fable
A visually and emotionally stunning experience
A searing, mesmerizing journey of how we function together
As obligatory a book as Salinger and Joyce
A thoroughly refreshing entry into art history
A  magical bestiary tour for art lovers
Another intoxicating, idiosycratic masterpiece
A complex narrative that ventures to engage our intellect .
