Resource for graphic artists and web designers--wonderful
All kinds of tricks and tips from Real Simple Magazine
Let's get this party started
Easy, pretty scarves, fun to knit
Fill'er up! One quart of O-positive, please
Filling in the blanks; Ender's mom and dad and more
More about the "how" rather than the "what"
Want to learn to knit? This book is well-illustrated
God from the viewpoint of a non-religious believer
Have to start a publicity campaign? This is a great how-to
Ender's Shadow series ends (?) on a high note
Creative "Jaws of Life" in this book of inspiration
Who will live forever and who will die?
Mostly American casseroles and kiddy fare
Essential to anyone interested in dyeing yarn
Going through the motions?
Glass menagerie
Fiction? Not really, an exposee into the creation of a law school
Eye-opening series on lawyers and law school
It's not just good morals, it's good business
Three Novellas from a sci-fi master that you ought to read
A former Soviet republic adjusts to a new regime
A memoir of great promise
When culture and love collide
Not a Cliff's Notes, a real climbing buddy for this mountain
Gregorian is enchanting in this delightful memoir
A Sublime Ocean of Nectar and an Island of Jewels
Earlier Alwyn Crawshaw--good for marine painters
Alwyn Crawshaw's techniques simplify your paintings
Reid's techniques and advice are unique
Not your usual watercolor book--interesting and stimulating
Mrs. Mann writes her memoir at the urging of her children
Shadow knitting-- make magic with color in simple stitches
Out of print classic has excellent pointers for watercolor
A lifetime of Drucker's writing in a wonderful format
Each story is a masterpiece
The classical Hatha Yoga Manual with Sanskrit & English
Sumptuous historical novel set in King Solomon's time
Some ideas for refitting closets, mostly eye-candy
The pitfalls await the uninformed sales person; read this!
For quilt enthusiasts and collectors--a valuable volume
Must-have for budding beaders. A gorgeous book
Poetry of a man dying and reborn
Pick of the litter--Book 2 is even better than Book 1
Handy pocket reference for floral  watercolor painters
Felt projects that are not run-of-the-mill
Gorgeous book of floral how-to; very useful and beautiful
Good resource,  excellent starter manual for entrepreneurs
My favorite book in the series
Get Crafty --very original Home Ec for the Hip
Scarves for EVERYONE, and I mean EVERYONE
Innovative novel--liked the concept and style
Absolutely essential to  vision and creativity
Vintage book on creating fashion
Tiny German-English and English German dictionary
Kids say the darndest things
The Japanese-American experience during WWII
Some of Marley's best work to date--a fine sci-fi novel
Fun projects, ideas for thrift shop finds
The compelling sound of the cowboy singers of Mongolia
Excellent kids' patterns in bulkier yarns--fast and fun
Mali Griot tradition at it's best
Beautiful bears to knit
The Handy Sweater Book: The Sequel! You need it..
Mundane recipes but excellent guide to shop, cook & freeze
Hysterical, creative and yes, magical
Unusual treatment of a sci-fi classic subject; begs a sequel
Useful dual-language format but a pedestrian translation
A non-com's memoirs of Viet Nam--interesting reading
Plenty of info, fun read even for armchair travelers
Complex tale about a dedicated teacher
My &quot;Summer Beach Read 2004&quot; pick-- fast-paced suspense
More from the Yorkshire veterinarian the world loves
Puns from the Pun Pundit himself
Kids love wordplay and it's a brain-builder, too
First of two volumes about an abusive family
Must-Read for any watercolorist
Valuable first-hand story about Cushing's Disease
This knitting book is BEAD-dazzling! Wow-love it!
Painting negative space does positive things for your art
Mining Gold from Goldmine with a tin pan?
Twenty-Five stories that may be helpful
Add heaping handfuls of caring, love and charity--serves all
Extraordinary collection of essays--a fascinating book
Better than I thought it would be
Learn to knit socks with ease
New Edition for &quot;Old Way&quot;
At last, a collection from the back issues of Knitters
Colorwork on steroids, a valuable reference for handknitters
As if you were going to die...
Poetry as I like it!
A real eye-opener for anyone negotiating anything
The organic version of low-carb eating, plus much more
Lots of good advice, some unique information
Flawed---but an ambitious and exciting novel anyway
On the trail of the Holy Family in Egypt
Too much detail, not enough drama? Try these lessons
A horror story that must be told, thanks, Joe Ike!
Reads like a thriller, true story.
Not just another stitch dictionary--outstanding!
Not your average knitting book
Low carb but not no carb
Politics and Poverty
How did those immigrants survive ?
A good place to start for learning negotiating skills
Primes the pump with ideas for active retirement
Essential for those doing abstract in watercolor
The controversy never ends
Dramatic novel based on the life of China's last empress
Required classic for the kitchen
A beautiful gift of love for anyone you adore
A relic of Soviet heroism
Prosperity and Poverty--the laws of each state
Fantastic collection of works from the 19th Century
Harness your hunches with this excellent book
A longtime favorite of mine
Better than &quot;I, Robot.&quot;
The Search for the Second Foundation
Hiding God's Word in your heart
A novel of great promise and mystical feel
Of Asimov's Sci-Fi, one of his best novels
A Nobel Prize winning author's memoirs
A country doctor delivers babies for the Amish
Don't wait to get this until you need it; have it handy
Starts out with a bang, ends with a lot of simpering
An Americanized Canadian goes home
One of Lady Antonia Fraser's best historical biographies
Dealing with the breakfast problem on Low-Carb diets
One the Southwest's most famous restaurants
Get your hands on this book if you can
How to grill something new, with an Asian twist
Cute but not an essential book on hats
For old-fashioned ethnic specialties, this is a classic
Valuable for the tour of Italian gastronomic regions
Best I've used
Good value and nicely printed
Not JUST a template
How to do Felted Knits in your washing machine
Sheri Tepper returns to &quot;Grass&quot;, only this time it's &quot;Moss&quot;
Cookbook and memoir
Amazingly good recipes
A simply told tale of a marriage
More a travelogue than history, but fun to read
How a man overcame a sad childhood
The queen who gave her name to an era
Will men wear these? I think so...
It IS my bag--Baby!
An essential, well-written text for Mass Spec and Biotech
Great intro to computer security--recommended
Knitting without boundaries
Should be on any biotechnology practicioner's shelf
Nice recipes here
The shifting sands of time, place and captivity
A new classic fantasy novel--not JUST for kids, either
Getting off the karma treadmill
Under $100 and worth a million
An autobiography of great merit
Fast-paced thriller is a good fun read
While you're at the beach, consider the climate!
Rachel Ray gets real
No sweat, but not all sweetness either.
Incredible resource for those needing gluten-free foods
A well-written look into a special world
Dot-comedy --and very, very funny
Help for those in therapy
Even better than &quot;Wysard&quot;
Woman on the Edge of Time had me on edge of my seat
I'm not a fantasy fan, yet I was enthralled with this novel
Radio Days
Excellent transcriptions
Some of Debussy's best music
Fascinating view of life in Siberia
I couldn't put "Moving Target" down for even a moment
Not just for the widowed
Surprisingly good instruction
Poet, hermit and monk--a fascinating autobiography
Probably one of the best knitting references out there
Why aren't you organized?
Nigella can cook the Food of the Gods
55 to stay alive! Manners count for Ron Clark's students
Not great for blues, ok for folk tunes
Some useful stuff but the CD is a one-track wonder
Not just for Weight Watchers
How to shop for furniture for less
Not Urtext, but handy all-in-one for happy hours of playing
If you knit, you need this book
So far ahead of its time, I can hardly believe it
A lyrically written memoir about country life and its charms
Wild doings at the observatory
Great drama works
A must for knitters
Deceptively easy, lots of music to delve into
Yay! Back in print, an essential knitting history
Some of Le Guin's best writing is here
The rare preludes are here--thank YOU!
A dream without a soul is a nightmare
From "knitting" to "finished garment."
Inspiration for fiber-o-holics
Extremely funny, incredibly written small masterpiece
I have to hand it to Charlene Schuch: These are marvelous
Textile traditions re-interpreted in very beautiful knits!
The fabric of our lives--stories about human fiber
Don't leave home without it
Soups from nearly every Asian land--unusual and delicious
Short articles about design and technique for knitters
Fanciful designs that recall the glories of the Tudors
Who wouldn't  love to wear any of these sweaters?
Why read Huck Finn?
Probably Michener's best novel
To sail into taboo territory; Heinlein pushes the envelope on "love"
Speculative fiction that deals with a sensitive subject
A witty novel set in a futuristic urban landscape
Great photography, interesting lore about gemsand minerals
Not attractive, but a useful reference for 2-D design
If you love animals, this is a must-read
Lovely, quirky story about a man, a piano, an obsession and Paris
What a storyteller!--this book had me hooked from Page 1
Nothing earthshaking, but an enjoyable book on marketing
A must-read for anyone facing breast cancer
Stunning effects by manipulating the amount of moisture
How many knitting pattern books do you need? Well...
Reads like a true diary of the Norman Conquests
Lesser known pieces of Chopin, some gorgeous music
All the colors of the rainbow!
Thank heavens, &quot;Art of Eating&quot; is back in print
Funny as hell
Bryson does Britain...ah! luvly!
A good short book on Maine Coon cats
Valuable resource for avid sock knitters
Essential pieces for piano mastery
A knitting pattern book that may never go out of style
Easy, stylish and versatile patterns. What's not to like?!
Mystery, philosophy, theology and humor--odd bedfellows?
Wild and Crazy! What happens when you challenge knitters?
Great idea for knitters
Some of the most gorgeous works in the piano repertoire
If you want to sell what you write, this has great advice
A small, beautifully carved gem by German genius Mann
Great fun for M.F.K. Fisher fans (and who isn't a fan?)
Who was the madwoman in Mr. Rochester's attic?
Excellent stories, but I wanted more
Some of the greatest late Romantic piano solo works
Great little handbook for an addictive knitting technique
One of my favorite "non-Dune" Herbert novels
Two of sci-fi's notable novellas
One of Herbert's best novels outside the Dune Series
Scary, disgusting, yet compelling
My cooking textbook and still my favorite "all-purpose" book
The &quot;bread bible&quot; in my kitchen, but not my favorite
Is the refusal to compromise bravery or really cowardice?
Easier to understand, simpler to follow than most diet books
Tiny and packs a kick
Pretty colorwork, interesting designs but some problems, too
Some great technique hints for pretty colorwork knitting
Big juicy information book for tomato lovers
A good book to read before your first publicity campaign
Whimsical exercises for creativity
I rate this a MUST-HAVE knitting essential--here's why:
A technical manual for specialized sock knitting techniques
An award-winning history of knitting but some odd omissions
Kind of like &quot;Joy of Cooking--Veggie Style&quot;
Bradbury's scarily perceptive novel is a must-read
Long live the Queen
As if your cat isn't relaxed enough--mine is sprawled like a rug
Chakra Zulu -African journeys and help for the artist in you
This one's RICH
Life in a gulag, corroborating Solzhenitsyn's novels
Free Luna! One of Heinlein's best novels
Can't Have People Over Syndrome is truely CHAOS
If you love French cuisine, this is for you
A controversial novel--is it Heinlein's best?
Stunning work. A treat for lovers of architecture
Novel way to tackle writer's block--and a LOT of fun
Holy Writ if you watch birds
A novel something like Angela's Ashes
I love Paris in the Springtime--and in this book!
Deserves its place on "100 Best Novels"
Heinlein's time line of the future
The Rosetta Stone for Knitters
The Brooklyn Tree goes west
The tree stays ever-green.
Excel-ent!!!
Is Mysterious Island Verne's best novel?
Celtics 1, Vikings 0 Enjoyable historical novel
A marvelous feast of writing
A must-have knitting book if you love to knit socks
Saw this one, had to have it.
The devil is in the details
Blimp out  or bulk up? Fitness for combating middle-age
We cooked a haggis--and lived to tell about it.
Easy-to-swallow advice for small business owners
Herbert didn't just write the Dune books. Four fine novels
The master storyteller of our times continues the magical series
Everything except how to &quot;cook the books&quot; (just as well....)
A revealing journal and some devastating prose
So you're sick; do you need a doctor, a lawyer or this book?
You won't learn to airbrush from this book, but--nice pix!
Ok, so I know my Elna is a sewing machine, what else?
Interesting stuff
Brilliant!
Mmmmmmm mmmmmm mmmmm mmmmm .....
A really useful book, essential  product development reading
Small planet, big influence
Massacre in the Meadows
A fantasy children's book that enchants kids and adults
This is the best reference book ever for entertaining !
Loosen up by pouring on paint
For Americans creating French style, who can't go to  France
Another great novel from Divakaruni
These techniques are nothing short of fantastic!
Light up your paintings big time
If you are interested in Hopper, DO NOT miss this book!
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned; fascinating biography
Help for climbing out of that rut
Do NOT miss this one.
This book turned out to be quite helpful.
One of the best books to learn to make artisanal bread
Why there are editors for books
Mud or magic--Kosvanec steers you safely through
Not just the two &quot;sides&quot; or a salad
Great little tea book! Great gift idea!
Not just the two &quot;sides&quot; or a salad
The wild boys at Plumfield run amok! Jo rejoices!
Bittersweet sequel, what happens to the boys of Plumfield
A dizzying achievement that even the author couldn't control
Without a doubt, worthy of a Nobel Prize
A great introduction to reading Thomas Mann
More of Carbonetti's gorgeous work--advice for creativity
What were they thinking!
Want to learn to knit? Want to knit better? This helps!
The Sweet-Sour nanny at Cherry Tree Lane
Politically correct takes it on the chin
Jane Eyre--great novel
Send your slow cooker on a world tour
Could there be anything new written on  the Civil War? YES!
One of my favorites
From Queen Supayalat to Aung San Suu Kyi
A Victorian woman looks at life in a Siamese harem
Like reading &quot;It's a wonderful life&quot;
Couldn't put it down
Standard reference for anyone beginning serger sewing
Ender's Game is a classic of Sci-Fi
Fact or fiction? We will never know for sure. Worth reading
Nothing "little" about Little Women
My opinion? This is the greatest novel written in English
A lesser-known Heinlein novel that is really superb
A rare Levin novel and two of his most popular as well
Great food writing by Laurie Colwin (sigh, how we miss her)
Sock it to me, Nancy...
A lesser-known Huxley work that is well worth reading
Your summer beach reading is right here...
My knitting took off after learning the method in this book
Dieters and non-dieters both can enjoy these recipes
GiGi, but not as in the musical
You can judge this book by its cover!
Unusual writing for unusual times
If you love Colette, these are absolute gems
Not my favorite Colette, but an interesting novel
Fiction about mathematics and dimension--lots of fun
A good introduction to the Joys of M.F.K. Fisher
A cult classic that set a standard for epic Science Fiction
Mankind's future is in the hands of the Tyrant--one of Herbert's best
Heretics is faithful to the orignal Dune and almost as good!
A beautiful and interesting edition for Oz fans; love it !
The myth of Arthur from a druidic viewpoint
No one can write historical battles like Cornwell
One of my childhood favorites
A murder mystery like no other.
Best book on the subject
People are not machines, surprise surprise!
Fantastically woven tale of marriage and mistaken identities
Strut your stuff! Midlife can be liberating
Why knit from the top down?
A nice reference on lace, with some fun reading
The experts on seafood reveal (some) of their secrets
Amazing amount of information in this book!
Maybe it would help you get on Jeopardy!
Semi-autobiographical and a well-written novel
One of the funniest family books ever
Great book to teach the basics of cooking
Great illustrations for putting in zippers
Not your average bead book--very creative
Amazing what you can do with Clay and Donna Kato
Not the usual missionary in Africa tale
A favorite for people doing polymer clay
Colorful patterns and going back into print!
Did Harper Lee write only one novel because it was perfect?
Good book on a sensitive issue
This book is a real treasure!
Maybe my favorite Pearl Buck novel
Never out of print, never out of style
If you find Elements of Style a bit dry, try the Write Way
Finally some real help for parents
I love this lady's books on Italian cooking!
Knitting wisdom from Knitting Legend Elizabeth Zimmerman
Another winner, one of my favorite knitting books.
Absolutely versatile. Keep this in your knitting bag
The techniques in this book can be adapted even for low fat
Important help for rewarding employees in times of cutbacks
The best of Middle East cooking
Knit socks from the toe up; or use Turkish patterns all over
Never fry bacon in the nude
This book finally helped us de-clutter
Party on with Emeril Lagasse
My favorite Dr. Weil book --packed with good info
The only Chinese Herbal book that really EXPLAINS things
Lillian Too is the best writer on Feng Shui!
Debbie Bliss is THE kid's knit designer
How not to be Dilbert's Pointy-Haired Boss
A great book to read to your kids
Slow but sure...these recipes bring the best from the crock
Fun to read, a good biscuit recipe but not for everyone
A versatile book if you knit for kids
Sci-Fi, Adventure, Magic and much more
Sequel to A Wrinkle in Time with Charles-Wallace and Meg
I got a lot of benefit from Dr. D'Adamo's books
Best book on the subject and beautiful, too
Interesting theory of foods based on your type.
This is one of the best home herbal reference books!
Wow! Why didn't someone write this before!!!!
Why don't some of these diets work? Metabolize tells you why
How get to be a Survivor
This Pearl Earring is a true Gem
This is the best &quot;After 40&quot; fitness book I've read yet!
Was Saki the English O. Henry?
Fairy tale in the Land of Regrets
You can make Japanese-style home decor yourself
Highly recommended home reference on Chinese herbs
Been there, done that, got the T-shirt
Best herbal book I own, hands down.
Build an essential library in one fell swoop
I pack this in my suitcase for every trip I take
Everything you'd ever want to know about cooking tofu
Stories that never fail to make you laugh and cheer up
Cold, hot, quick, good!
It ain't over till it's over-MSFT vs US in exquisite detail
American Middlemarch?
Miso hungry? Make some miso soup...
Get ready to cross the chasm or you'll fall into it
Be prepared!
A picture is worth a thousand calories
Selling is an unnatural act
The Buddha's life in a historical context
A great book to start lace knitting, and will keep you going
The most beautiful lace knitting you'll ever see
Highly recommended if you want to knit a shawl!
Bitten by the lace bug? Here's a book you will just love
Oldy but Goody
Great arrangements--very playable favorites
A memorable classic that has taken on new meaning
Thanks, Liz!
Great book for starting off in Sashiko Quilting
The best of GBS
Like Joy of Cooking, this may become your kitchen bible
Contemporary Japanese crafts beautifully photographed
Wow! I was looking for just this kit!
A quirky French classic
A 20th century classic yet little known
One of my favorite children's books--a really enchanting story
Fast and easy, what's the fridge makes a pasta dinner
One of my most-used cook books
An amazing story of courage--great autobiography
This is my dinner party bible
Take it to heart. look better, save money
Fantastic sequel to Crystal Singer and breaks the "middle trilogy" syndrome!
Fitting finish to the Crystal Singer series
Absolutely top sci-fi and one of my top ten favorites
A Brave Sequel to the works of E.F. Benson
First written in 1939 and ahead of its time
Get your goat  (cheese)
Success from the start with watercolors
Reference  book for manufacture and development of flatbread
An enduring classic you can read again and again
One of Le Guin's best and a must-read sci-fi classic
One of the best guides to writing fiction
If you love to garden but hate to dig, this is for you
Authentic oriental restaurant taste that anyone can do!
I love the pressure cooker and this book. Why?
A rare glimpse into the shuttered world of the cloister
Don't leave home without it
An American Classic from a natural naturalist
Different! Not your usual knitting book
One of Euell Gibbons best, back in print
A good suspense book for a long plane ride!
Great Chieftain o' the Puddin' Race
Huge hit in Europe. A good intro to philosophy
Not the most famous of Heinlein's books, but worth reading!
Incoming!!! (Sales, that is...)
From Jubbelpore to Finster to Woolamurra to Earth....
Straight from the source
A Classic of Sci-Fi that holds up well
A timeless classic that has practical application
Just learned to knit? Want style AND easy patterns?
One of Asimov's best, don't miss this one
Bags--a great knitted gift idea (never worry about the fit!)
Bust that Yarn Stash, and don't worry about the fit
This is less a book than an informative pamphlet
The essentials of classic French cooking, but not mastery
Small but potent...
Reprinted from Threads, a good idea
Welcome back! A long lost issue of Knitters is now available
Not just the Taj Mahal; Amazing places to visit in India
A book of useful tricks, and a bootie pattern you will love
Why knit a tam o'shanter if you aren't a Scot?
Warm hands from warm hearts in Maine
Don't mess around. This is the one you need
They're in there!
Interesting ethnic knitting and inspiration for your designs
I absolutely adore this book and found a lot to use in it.
Excellent book on an interesting photo printing technique
Why can't a car be built that is totally crash-proof?
One of the most important stories of our time. A must-read
One of several great edging books by Nicky Epstein
Not only about exploration, but about managing people
Just plain nuts, or genius?
Small but potent: this book is a handy guide
Secure in your job? Or just laid off? Read this book
Understanding Yoko Ono in the context of her art
HotMetal Pro or FrontPage, which should you use?
Techniques from A to Z
A memorable tale
A Classic that's hard to classify
Paint yourself a reference manual
Did you buy a new PC with Win ME? This sure can help you!
Can a book on just mittens  be useful to all knitters? Yes!
Do you travel or are you overworked and have no time?
Changed my mind...
Wonderful home items and inspiring ideas
Classic Nicky Epstein, but you may prefer other books
Mr. Cranshaw makes it really simple
Great series, great guide for a great piece of software
Want a great baby present? Make one of these blankets
Poem is the right title for this book, but it's a lot more
A great idea for a knitting book
Learn to knit, and keep warm too!
A classic with a twist
Amazing technique and some startling tricks
Best for the exemplary photography
Even if you don't do needlepoint, this is a lovely book
GREAT color pictures, charts but not standardized symbols
Aghans, fast and easy
You may profit by a low-carb diet
Welcome back, Kaffe
About TIME!!
Another winner from the Organization Queen Stephanie Winston
Fast start for slow cooking
From Trash to Cash
This is the author's best book!
Wow and wow again! A visual treat, inspiring and helpful
How to make mixtures, not mud. Helpful to make your own color charts
Mastering the art of watercolor in many techniques
Shawls that weigh 80 grams and look like fairy wings
If you paint watercolors, you need this book...
Not your typical knitting book
This is great! How to explain separating laundry and more
Why should you read this book?
What! YOU don't own this book? This is THE sock book
Sticks with you
Good for natural skin care
Convenient for entertaining, some great recipes
Best little book on coffee, ever
Best book on the subject
Reissued as "Simply Socks"
Unusual hats, gorgeous colors
Sunday in the Park....with Maurice
Crazy Socks
Wow! Another great knitting book this year
Fascinating Lace Knitting
Lyrically written and very moving
An autobiography in poems and threads of floss
Useful and creative knitting techiques
Was &quot;Grass&quot; greener? This new novel is Tepper at her best.
