If you need a quick reference, this one works well...
For getting started or taking the next step...  Good choice!
Enjoyable, but I could have done without the preaching...
Why and how split-second decisions are made...
Worth reading if you are venturing into RFID...
The new phone book is here!
A "must read" volume for software developers...
Nice intro in the world of airwaves...
I really enjoyed this one...
Riveting read...
A must-read for security professionals with wireless networks...
Nice read to explore VoIP for organizations...
Great for applying ideas and exploring possibilities...
Required reading for security professionals and developers...
Given the right audience, it's a good book...
Patterson seems to be back in stride...
Does well to get you quickly coding in Struts...
Great things in *very* small packages...
A perfect text to get you started down the podcasting road...
A no-nonsense approach to security for nontechies...
Another nice action escape from Child...
Important info in a somewhat vague storyline...
Pimp your ride - geek style...
A really good page-turner...
I don't know how she continues to do it...
Wished I'd had this a year ago...
Practical and complete without being overwhelming...
A rational approach to open source adoption...
Required reading for today's computerized society...
Gets you up and running Eclipse in short order...
I'm officially hooked now...
Required reading for marketing communication departments...
So *that's* how you fix that!
Depends on what you're looking for...
Another one of those "required" books to own and read...
Should be required reading before getting an email address...
A good choice if you're ready to dive into XForms...
Fun stuff to continue your Java journey...
Not really sure *who* would benefit from this book...
Learn to live without Microsoft Office...
A classic...
Sort of a Jewish "Da Vinci Code" lite...
Good choice for investigating VoIP for your organization...
Definitely a book that deserves to be on your shelf...
This is a "must have, must read" book...
How software geeks should write...
Entertaining/enlightening stories of the hacker mind...
All things Linux in a single (albeit large) volume...
An excellent source of security information...
Gritty read with plenty of unexpected twists...
The perfect title for all non-geek computer owners...
Coben weaves an excellent tale...
The perfect book to boost your browser to the next level...
This certainly didn't do much for me...
Really good, classic Patterson...
A good "getting started" title for Python...
Excellent debut work by a definite talent...
Does a good job covering the Firefox essentials...
Another nice installment in the Rhyme series...
This book pays for itself over and over...
Beyond the "how" and into the "why"...
Nicely done, and stays on target well...
Very strange stuff, but a whole lot of creativity...
An excellent book with many practical ideas...
Say good-bye to Ma Bell...
An important subject in today's business world...
Serious and valuable information...
Should be on every techie's bookshelf...
Value for beginners and experienced mappers alike...
A lot of material in a small volume...
The perfect read for star-gazers new and old...
Worth the wait, and an entertaining read...
An excellent work by both the author and O'Reilly...
A nice addition to my bookshelf at work...
I now understand the three weeks in July...
Nice quick reference for using Knoppix as a tool...
Not a bad "beach" novel...
So how at risk are you?
Grabbed on and wouldn't let go...
The "best practices" guide to eBay...
May well be his best work...
Some good information in an ill-focused book...
Excellent book that targets the Linspire distro...
Definitely causes you to think about project management...
Well-written book on a new testing methodology...
Real, entertaining, and most of all...  right.
I'm finally beginning to understand AOP...
A wonderfully inspirational story of determination...
A nice book if your expectations match up with the style...
Focused and concise book to get you up to speed quickly...
Another Maran success...
Not perfect, but entertaining nonetheless...
Man, I love this series...
Working together, not against...
Great stuff for intermediate/advanced photographers...
Nice addition to the Barrington series...
The *real* "Desperate Housewives"...
Great for getting your financial life in order...
Make sure you're ready for lots of theory...
With a bit of suspended belief, an entertaining story...
Finally!  Weight training for the *real* person...
A novel with a lot of truths to ponder...
Uneven writing mars the usefulness of the information...
A "must-have" for Linux administrators/architects...
Great book for "R&D"...
Learning more DHTML by examples...
A beautiful treatment of a "how-to" subject...
Lies we use to explain our choices...
Skills you need, not yet another methodology...
The cost of being a Christian in certain countries...
Learning how to do the right thing...
Superb job of painting color into the biblical account...
One of his better works of late...
Well done book for multi-vendor RDBM systems...
A must-read if you're into disease detection and control...
Visually impressive and easy to follow...
Good reference, not so good to read straight through...
A fun Firefox read with some very nice features...
Nice approach to experimenting with desktop Linux...
Critical reading for global organizations...
Uber-geeks rejoice, newbies should just move along...
Does a good job getting you started with InfoPath...
The book to improve your "use" of use cases...
A book no professional should be without...
Successful book for what it sets out to cover...
Endless treasures in a small package...
One of the best crime thrillers I've read in a long time...
Nice option for getting started correctly with patterns...
Nice read, solid story, nasty plot twists...
Nice way to get your feet wet with UML...
Nice way to get started with shell scripting...
Good preventative medicine...
Unique focus on unit testing during your learning...
Very practical material that's extremely relevant...
Comprehensive coverage for the right audience...
My first Finder novel, but it won't be my last...
A most unique and inspirational book...
Good coverage, best if you're a Perl/PHP programmer...
Applies well in some but not all situations...
Nice coverage of the entire RSS technology spectrum...
Nice recovery after London Bridges...
This book will be a "best friend" on my bookshelf...
Great information on how to make great decisions...
Good choice for the right audience...
Good read, but a little different than the others...
Good choice to understand the current and new standards...
I could actually *do* this!
It's a wonder we're not all dead already...
Information that pertains to *all* web development...
Not quite what I expected or what I was looking for...
Doesn't get much more complete than this...
Another good story, but a little confusing at the end...
Interesting material that can be used or misused...
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water...
Fun, irreverent, and pays for itself in short order...
Good, but somewhat convoluted towards the end...
Common sense stuff that you normally just don't do...
This book should get lots of wear and tear over time...
Another great Mad Bean installment...
A great "first read" on the subject of RFID...
Great start for what's become an excellent series...
Targeted for the Excel power user accountant...
Good, but not quite as focused as other Hacks titles...
*THE* most unusual relationship book you'll ever read...
Perfect readable text for the blogging newbie...
Important read for management...
Nice bridge between learning and doing...
Great choice as a first line of reference to fix things...
Good read, but suffers from 20/20 hindsight...
Definitely good, but probably not his best...
Well done for us non-science geeks...
Excellent way to get started with Access...
Still a must-have classic, but it's getting rather large...
The book does a great job with the target audience...
An excellent guide for learning to use this software...
My first exposure to Heinlein, and it's good stuff...
Good choice for command-line Linux admins...
A nice, accurate age-appropriate title...
Lupica writes a mean sports novel...
Farmer's at the top of her game...
A great laugh at the cat's expense...
The father/son collaboration works well...
OK, but it should have been done much earlier...
Excellent choice for power users, developers, and geeks...
Solid advice that runs contrary to what makes the most noise
Very good selection for understanding the bigger picture...
A must-read for techies interested in computer viruses...
Valuable, but you really have to work at it...
Solid material, little to no fluff...
Useful ideas for improving your life...
Excellent choice for getting started with Linux...
Useful and entertaining (and all too true)...
Definitely not a title for dummies or beginners...
Patterson is capable of so much more...
Good practical treatment of patterns
More practical than theoretical...
Still the classic...
Seems to lack a bit of practicality...
Very valuable to the z/OS platform people...
A good choice for the right situation...
Forces you outside your normal point of view...
A good mix of desktop and server Linux to get you started...
Good overall coverage of XP from a user perspective...
I love when the new edition comes out...
I personally think this misses the author's stated target...
Excellent resource for Word and COM programmers...
Great bridge from theory to practical...
Another winner with more texture than the first...
The title is somewhat deceptive...
Another outstanding Annoyances book...
A new "must read" author for me...
A good read if you're in the proper frame of mind...
Once again, Head First teachs old dogs new tricks...
Covers DoS and DDoS attacks in great detail...
Very good title to understand the business value of Linux...
A promising start for a new talent in the crime genre...
Veteran developers will find this all too familiar...
Great material for directors/managers and above...
Hard-core information for the security specialist...
Vintage Dorsey, and a great escape from reality...
A great book to have around "just in case"...
There's nothing new under the sun...
Another well-written Koontz novel...
A "face" on the issues of offshoring/H1-B in IT...
Solid book with a predominant Java slant...
A good practical look at stenography...
OK for a one-time read and introduction to desktop Linux
Packed with practical information...
A good book for the right audience...
Great book for a beginner like me...
It's not Stephanie Plum, but it has potential...
Crichton took a lot of risks with this book...
Could be the most important security book you read this year
A fun guide to the orchestra
Good treatment of Eclipse with a minor caveat...
Nicely done, and it covers the latest in Eclipse...
Even software geeks can follow these hacks...
Will become a well-worn addition to your programming shelf..
Perfect book for the intermediate regex coder...
This is an absolute humor classic!
Nice mixture of reality and story-telling...
Interesting but a little on the long side...
A definitive work on an unfortunate episode in US history...
Great story with a ton of plot twists...
I couldn't put it down...
Hits a nice stride in part 2...
Challenging the status quo of both readers and writers...
The weirdo's manifesto...
A guide to your cranial workings...
Interesting premise and entertaining read...
A gut-wrenching read...
Getting down to the core of software development...
From inside the mind of a spammer...
And you think *your* job was bad!
Great gap between book knowledge and effective use...
This should bring me up to speed with Excel...
Very good with a couple of minor caveats...
Should come packaged with each Xbox...
Solid information and very approachable...
Easy concepts, huge returns...
Most likely too involved for the target audience...
Effective, practical ways to successfully effect change...
A little dated, but still valuable...
Satisfies that "need for speed"...
A Westerner's experience with Eastern Zen Buddhism...
Beautiful pictures and strong opinions...
Her first book may be her best...
Excellent story with escalating suspense...
Incredibly powerful concept...
Covers a lot of ground...
Breathe new life into your old classics...
This book can pay for itself very quickly...
Good material regardless of your language preferences...
A new Woods character, and an interesting story line...
The ending makes you examine our society carefully...
Hey!  I could do this!
Had a hard time getting it back from my son...
The next step for intermediate JSP developers...
A good way to get started quickly with SWT coding...
It ends better than it starts out...
Practical material for individuals and organizations...
Good information to know about SSRI drugs before treatment..
Very good information, and worth the read...
The darker side of the net...
Wow...  this book blew me away...
Playtime for hardware and OS junkies...
Great coverage on taking your Xbox to the next level...
Excellent guide to learning Java...
Excellent single volume coverage of the shell options...
Practical, relevant material for improving your life...
Fun entertainment...
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar...
A good "first book" for those who have no experience...
Ethics aside, this is a pretty good book...
Great "out of the box" thinking...
Another stellar installment of the In Death series...
A serious, thorough treatment of Java...
2nd edition is much improved...
Quirky, funny, and a wonderful read...
A solid, enjoyable read...
Excellent material and so relevant for today's businesses...
That's five hours of my life I'll never have back...
An interesting look inside the world of spammers...
Excellent single reference for high-speed internet access...
Quirky and somewhat hit or miss...
The normal spark wasn't there this time...
Good stuff for the experienced hacker..
A good choice for the right target audience...
Great content, but title could be more descriptive...
Should be required reading for knowledge workers...
Boy, this sure opened my eyes!
Not as good as his first...
This will provide a lot of the info you need...
A key book for all organizations...
Excellent treatment of the subject matter...
"Excel"-lent material in a unique format...
Excellent information on privacy issues...
I really appreciate the Head First style of writing...
Vastly improved in the 3rd edition...
Experience a vicarious victory!
Perfect for what I was looking for...
Somewhat basic for a cookbook...
Not razor-sharp, but still recommended...
No fluff, and plenty of content...
Head First Servlets & JSP rocks!
Takes emotion out of the evaluation process...
Very good information for system administrators...
Uneven and irrelevant throughout...
Relevant information based on current events...
A good architectural approach to Java web services...
Excellent addition to your network security bookshelf...
Entertaining read with spiritual overtones...
Hit and miss...
Quality information in a small package...
Great guide for newbies to C++ and programming in general...
A solid treatment of JSF technology...
Nice rebound from her last work...
Excellent coverage of all that is Fedora/Red Hat Linux...
You'll either really love or hate this book...
An absolutely riveting tale...
Much better single-volume reference than I expected...
Hiaasen has another winner...
Good material with a small caveat...
Definitely a different novel for Hayter...
Very dark, but very good...
A very good "companion" title for an XML developer...
Great things in small packages...
Good material, but not for the stated audience...
Another outstanding Hacks title...
Definitely worth the price of admission...
This one grew on me...
Not his best, but still enjoyable...
A great way to get going with your iPAQ
An anti-offshoring book that's actually balanced...
Glad this isn't *my* corporate experience...  :-)
I didn't know you could do that...
A methodical assessment of risk...
A solid treatment of the subject matter...
Another excellent Hacks title...
A nice intro to the world of Pocket PC applications...
I need to catch up on Connelly's earlier work...
A good starting point for the new digital camera owner...
Better to read this one first before Just A Geek...
Good but perhaps not his best...
An absolute must-read for serious bloggers and journalists
Right On...  A good cyber-novel that highlights security...
Another keeper to add to my programming book shelf...
I hate to admit it, but I really liked this book...
This is a great book in a new O'Reilly series...
A great hands-on guide to start using Hibernate...
Might well be the best WebSphere Portal book out there...
Reichs is still the queen of this genre...
Wheaton has found his niche...
An interesting twist on security books...
Fills a unique niche...
My favorite type of supplemental reference manual...
An intelligent read with a wicked plot twist...
Definitely a favorite author and series...
A must-have/must-read for the wireless security professional
Interesting and challenging material for thought...
A little scattered, but still a good look into Lance...
Different tone than the Hudson books, but very good...
Good for a particular niche readership...
Might be the best in her series...
Perfectly practical, and will become indispensible to me...
Very practical material...
Not his best, but I like his writing style...
Much better than her last one...
Superb story, but you should start with earlier titles first
Classic sci-fi by the master...
Good material with definite biases...
More concept than practical, but good nonetheless...
Good read, but the ending is a bit muddled...
One of the best reads I've had of late...
Good but not my favorite...
Excellent book!
The 3rd edition is an excellent update for this series...
About as comprehensive a book as you can find on UML...
An outstanding book on a seemingly dull subject...
Good writing style, less than stellar plot line...
Some good information, but...
Great practical material instead of esoteric theory...
A unique mix of business and technical information...
Evanovich is still hitting on all cylinders...
An excellent escape from reality...
Definitely a necessary read for the typical web surfer...
You'll either love it or hate it...
Not a &quot;can't put it down&quot;, but good nonetheless...
Reasonably good techno-espionage thriller
I liked it all until the very end...
What a great read and character...  I'll be reading the rest
Complete and readable guide to programming SQL Server...
Great style, so-so story...
The JavaScript classic...
An outstanding guide to the Google search engine...
I really like this series...
Treasure chest full of tips for Excel users...
Some helpful principles for your life...
More Savannah Reid fun...
Excellent material, but heavily weighted towards Unix...
Very nice coverage of a wide range of topics...
Those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it...
Seems to be missing something...
Another outstanding effort...
Quirky and fun...
Some cool and unusual ideas...
Practical guide to implementing RUP...
Probably not the first freelancing book you should read...
Excellent book to assess your own network security...
Fun stuff...
Possibly one of the best web design books I've ever read...
Great material for teens (and readers of all ages)...
More sibling character development than most...
A little slower than the others...
Great encouragement, inspirational...
A good overview of the entire RUP framework...
So very good on so many levels...
Very clear treatment of some complex topics
The 2nd edition is a great book...
Beautiful book, and excellent techniques...
A peek into the mind of an attacker and defender...
Love, friendship, and loyalty...
Nicely written, but watch out for updates...
Stunningly beautiful and useful book...
Disturbingly familiar society...
Really good to get you started on command line basics
Good overall coverage of the subject matter
A &quot;must-have&quot; for web site designers
Good on concepts/background, outdated for version...
The perfect book to get you started in wardriving...
My first Savannah Reid mystery, and I will be reading more
Enjoyable, fast-paced read...
Quickly rising to the top of my favorite author list...
Great information, and highly recommended...
One of the best recreational reads I've had of late...
The book you should own if you use Radio Userland
Another excellent novel from Margolin
Good information for the average computer user...
"Academia" at it's worst...
A solid reference manual...
Should be required reading...
Good ending to the series...
A great amateur female detective novel...
I hope the next installment comes much quicker this time...
Interesting material, though a bit too poetic at times...
Solid material, if somewhat dated...
Good for command line junkies
Nice book for a desktop Linux user to start with...
I felt a little cheated based on the jacket cover premise...
Very good tutorial and review book on OOP...
Solid material for the beginning XSLT coder...
You'll never view casinos the same again...
Good info to increase the bottom line of your writing...
Solid information...
You really should check out this book...
Not perfect, but very entertaining...
Very good book for the right audience...
Didn't meet my hopes or expectations...
Very good bridge from theory to practical...
A must-buy book for your Java library
Good focus on practical solutions
Great fun and lots of laughs
Sobering look at a deadly pandemic...
A good book if you're interested in starting down the path..
A good read, and good ongoing character development...
A book that will appeal to all levels of users
Every software developer should have and read this book
I love this series...
Good for beginners...
If you use (or want to use) Eclipse, you will need this book
A good academic approach to OO analysis and design
This didn't do much for me...
Excellent book to get you started...
OK, but a little disappointing...
Compelling story that will cause you to think...
Good material for passing the certification test...
Entertaining read...
Reminiscent of Evanovich...  fun read.
Unique story by &quot;two&quot; authors...
I'd buy it for the title alone...  :-)
It actually ages quite well...
Well-written book on how to write for the web
Good, but probably not his best..
Wonderful little problem solving guide...
A very good, complete single volume for reference
Helps you to understand the process of technical writing
One of the best reads I've had in awhile...
Good advice for beginning speakers...
This is a really fun book!
Great daily fun...
Perfect book to get started
Not the best in the series, but still good...
The writing could have been tighter...
A great security/technology thriller...
Good if you have some Struts knowledge to start with...
Good, but...
An effective program for overcoming your fears...
Very good reference once you know the basics...
Excellent material...
Strange...
Slow...
Ages well...
Why?
They could have been more thorough...
Not a great read...
Weird...
Great coffee table book
Good book if you're past the fundamentals
Very good reference information...
Very good reference book
This book helped me out a lot...
Very good book for getting up to speed quickly...
A good read...
Not very good...
Great read...
Another fun read from Dorsey...
A classic JavaScript reference...
Makes it understandable...
Good to see how others would do something...
A classic reference needed by all Java developers...
Wacky and fun...
Good thing he's improved...
Great reference tool...
Very strange and gruesome...
Very good UML reminder reference
A must-have book...
Good book if you're a CVS user...
Very good overview of XML technologies...
A great tutorial to get you started...
My all-time favorite tutorial on Java (or anything else)
An essential reference text...
An essential reference text...
A pleasant surprise...
Highly readable and recommended
Not for beginners...
Highly recommended
An absolute classic...
More about the tools you need for Extreme Programming...
Good book if you've already been introduced to web services.
A very good tutorial...
A real surprise...
Perfect for quickly learning how to take great pictures...
A good choice if you have the right background knowledge
One of his best...
An excellent survival guide
A great computer hacker crime novel...
I learned a lot from this book...
A great primer on lessons for life
An enjoyable  older book of Robin Cook's...
Great book to get you started...
I got a lot out of this book...
An OK read, but I like the Stone Barrington series better...
A great start to using your digital video camera...
Could be the start of a pretty good series...
Great book to understand what people go through on Prozac
Short of the ND6 documentation...
If you are considering an upgrade of your Notes/Domino...
Very good cyber/sci-fi novel...
A different view, but not for everyone...
Great book with a unique twist...
Great book for those starting out...
Helpful material...
Very good high level management/project management info
Some good info...
Good entry level material...
Excellent tutorial and guide...
Great for experienced J2ME developers
Good stuff
Humor with some seriousness...
Great book to help you move from Windows to Linux
Good, but with reservations...
May be a little too outdated at this time...
Good entry level Linux book
Great Struts book!
Very good JSTL book!
Very good concise guide...
Charming book
Quirky but cute...
A classic that I will always have on my bookshelf...
