Excellent advice--not just for those in the supermarket industry!
More useful suggestions than in material far longer!
Short, surprisingly moving tale
Entertaining look at how sports can make a difference
Will make you laugh, but also think!
Convoluted legal thriller
One of the best sports biographies I've ever read!
Possibly even better than his last great thriller!
Useful ideas to beat the blues!
Makes history come alive!
Will leave you wanting this coach for your children!
Grisham tries a different approach & it works!
Book will get you thinking!
Great overall message
Reading will give you many usable ideas!
Word-of-mouth advertising . . . simplified!
Useful advice for parents, grandparents, teachers, etc.
An economics book that will hold your interest until the end!
You don't have to love football to love this book!
Carlson shows you how to make life simpler!
Lots of twists and turns make this a satisfying legal thriller
Left me looking forward to Volume Two
Another winner from Sparks!
Only disappointment is that the program's too short!
Terrific book for anbody for wanting online dating advice
Great thoughts on finding your soul mate
Wonderful story about the late, great ball player Sandy Koufax
This book had me laughing from the very first page!
This great book is not just for women!
Original story, but a few too many twists
A dandy little book about the power of thinking
Great observations here!
Original tale by Robert B. Parker!
Regardless of your religion, it will move you at times!
As always, Ann Rule remarkably captures the victim's voice
Many useful tidbits here!
Very funny, very real!
Truly inspirational!
Very useful and informative!
This book offers great lessons!
An excellent book that I recommend for both sexes
Very little substance!
This book will definitely make you ponder!
Enjoyable read and good information
Wonderful and very enjoyable!
What a disappointment!
As usual, Julie Morgenstern does NOT disappoint!
Read this book and enlarge your vision!
Very enjoyable and worthy of listening to.
All religions can embrace the principles in this book.
Entertaining and informative book!
Another great story by one of my favorite authors!
Masterful piece of writing!
An all in one handy medical reference guide!
Interesting sea survival story written by a woman
Very POWERFUL stuff here!
Interesting tale about the porn industry
Very powerful, thoughtful book
The funniest history book ever written!
Don't wait another moment-read this book!
You don't have to be into politics to enjoy this book!
A lot of useful tips!
Fantastic up until the ending
As usual, Jennifer Weiner delivers!
Good suggestions for all aspects of your life.
Gelb has another winner!
Very funny!
A must read for any sports fan!
This book will benefit all who read it!
A thought-provoking little book!
Not your typical Patterson thriller, but even better!
This book is a joy for all ages!
Harvey Mackay delivers again!
Very moving and downright funny!
Very insightful book!
Not a definitive book about Clinton
Bravo to another great book by David Feldman!
Plenty of useful advise here!
Another winner from Jeffrey J. Fox!
Funny collection of acts made by stupid Americans!
Another disappointing book by Clark!
A very moving, true story.
Wonderful, enjoyable book!
Ending falls short.
Powerful book about Positive Psychology.
Reminds me of Fear Factor.
Very Enjoyable!
Another good one by Zig Ziglar!
A plethora of useful information!
Great book and not just for women!
Still another winner from Dyer!
Very thought-provoking book!
Predictable, yet enjoyable!
Interesting and helpful!
The only good thing about this book is the end interview.
You wont learn how to get rich, but it is a fun read.
I found this book to be Fascinating!!
Wonderful collection of stories!
A classic book about communication says it all!
Another great book by David Niven!
I devoured this book!
An engrossing tale!
This book makes you think...and teaches valuable lessons.
Very enjoyable!
This is a MUST-READ book!!!!
All-time favorite self-help book!
Empty Promises!
Book will open your eyes!
Simple...yet powerful!
One of my favorite TV commentators...
Enjoyed the tape version of this book...
One of my all-time favorite books...
This book may be this author's best work...
Great interpreter to A Course...
This book puts a smile on your face.
This follow-up is worth the wait...
Flat ending...
Don't miss this one...
Only mildly amusing...
Convoluted tale that wasn't overly believable
Excellent book for anybody interested in the subject
Short but memorable!
The characters come alive in this novel!
Prayers and declarations to read over and over.
Governor Ryan's unprecedented commutation death row inmates
The secrets of acquiring true wealth.
A good murder mystery.
The importance of delighting customers!
Heard the taped version of THE FOURTH ESTATE.
Imagine being able to speak with God!
Not just for golfers!
Useful and humorous!
Enchanting fable that got me thinking about life's journey
Rule delivers still another compelling character!
A book that both Democrats and Republicans should read!
Beautiful book that will help you connect with others
A book that I'll want to revisit often; you will too!
Helped me view historical incidents differently
Thiller will engage you right from page 1!
Book delivers on its promise!
Seems like I've read or seen this before
Moving tale with a great ending
I laughed out loud, not once but throughout the book!
Nothing earth-shattering, but it makes sense!
Examples will get you thinking!
Lot of useful advice, regardless of religion
Made me think a subject not ordinarily on my radar screen
Touching account of a remarkable woman
Barry reminded me how funny last presidential election was
Short yet powerful
Will give you a greater appreciation of author
Gripping novel
Fascinating tale of Internet's first serial murderer
Many excellent suggestions that you'll be able to put to use
You don't have to be a baseball fan to enjoy this one!
Useful guide for rewards of every type
Wide range of observations that run a wide range
Heard it, but wish I had read it
Perhaps Johnson's best (and that's saying a lot)!
A funny and touching book that also made me think
Nobody ever said law school would be easy!
Armstrong continues to amaze!
Enjoyed the chance to revisit Detective Alex Cross
Lots of useful tips on how to succeed
Inspiring story of a survivor
Readable, moving account of a British flyer & the resistance
Very readable introduction to Buddhisim
Not overly complicated diet that seems to work!
Great if you're in the mood for something light!
If you fit into any of the categories, rush to get this book
Subject comes alive, thanks to the authors
Typical Sparks with a twist
Dyer delivers--again!
Lots of practical advice
Short, sweet novel that just missed being great
Little more than an overdrawn short story
Legal thriller that misses the mark
The rules come alive in this thought-provoking book
Makes you feel like you got to know Hepburn better!
Like listening to history come alive!
You'll be able to relate to this book!
Humorous collection that was also touching
Hilarious look at golf that even non-golfers will love
Surprisingly thought-provoking
Buddhism and entrepreneurism can mix!
Page turner that disappoints only at the end
Will keep your interest until a disappointing ending
Think I'll pass on this diet
Useful advice that will help any business or organization
Thriller that tails off after beginning
Interesting biography about a man of contradictions
One of the best business books I've read in a long time
Another enjoyable entry in the series
Enjoyable autobiography that left me wanting a follow-up
Candid memoir that increased my opinion of McCain
Interesting premise that might work for some
Amazing story of Stevie Wonder AND his mother
Still relevant after all these years!
Tale that had me laughing & awaiting next in series!
Shreve's latest is another winner!
Short book that has a lot to offer!
If you want to learn about Melville, skip this one!
You'll laugh out loud as you relive your youth!
Bigger is not always better!
You'll definitely think about thinking!
Fascinating choice of letters, plus insightful commentary
Short yet comprehensive biography
Short work that is actually heartbreaking in parts
Fascinating history lesson
One book that matches the hype
Moving, brutally honest tale
One of the best business books on the market!
If you're really &quot;into&quot; marketing, then rad this book
Grisham's latest is a return to form
Riveting story that is perhaps the author's best to date
Archer's latest is a disappointment
Engrossing thriller, but only for fans of this type book
Interesting look at both Welch's successes and mistakes
Concise but informative look at an amazing man
Real-life examples make this book a winner!
Stick with Brown's later books
Lot of useful advice!
Useful book that will put a smile on your face
Almost like having a personal conversation with author
Balanced (though not overly favorable) view of Nader
Interesting, disturbing look at the presidency
Lot of useful advice for leaders in any situation
Lots of useful ideas for any work setting
Disquieting, well-written novel
Another winner from Carlson!
Makes history both fun and frightening!
Interesting book about an amazing guy
Book will help you understand Stewart's success
So,me useful information, but a lot seems to be &quot;filler&quot;
Yogi's thoughts on many topics . .  . including life
Funny, touching story
a MUST introduction to the fabulous life of Bill Veeck
Another touching, thought-provoking book by Reeve
Will get you thinking about your diet!
You'll shed more than a few tears if you read this one
Will get you thinking about what is important to you!
Great book for anybody interested in marketing and/or sports
Enoyable though unflattering portrait of Seinfeld
Tender book about friendships
One of best business books I've read in a long time
Thoughtful book that will make your life more enjoyable
Another winner from Blanchard
You'll get a real fee for life at the White House
Moving memoir
Inspirational memoir
Witty tribute
If you read one business book, make it this one!
Somewhat interesting premise, but bit flat overall
Inspirational book that will move you
It will get you thinking!
Funny autobiography with large doses of humor and no dirt
Engrossing true story of professor embroiled in sex scandal
Provocate and interesting look at the Corsican general
Perfect for folks who spend time at their desks
Engrossing true spy thriller
Author delivers another excellent book that will help you!
Cochran will get you thinking about the judicial system
Touching account of smalltown life in World War II
More great advice!
Uplifting true story
Interesting behind-the-scenes look at the CIA
Disappointing epilogue
Interesting account of legendary folksinger
Inspirational collection of thoughts
Insider's look at what REALLY happened in last election
Wonderful book that will help you discover success
Kenndy stories told from a different perspective
Ineresting autobiography
Inspiring collection of personal revelations
Impressive live recording of a powerful messae
Bedtime stories like you've never heard them before
Good start, then becomes a routine thriller
Memoir that will leave you appreciating Fox--and life!
Keep your pencil handy; you'll want to take notes
Touching fable for all ages
Tongue-in-cheek advice for just about anybody
Essay collection that will make you think
Another winner from Blanchard
Provocative look at how to be good in the real world
Rule delivers with another fascinating account of a creep
Fast-paced medical thriller
Disturbing, well-written first novel
Masterful account of a true story
Short but powerful collection of essays
Formulaic thriller
Moving compilation of quotes
Touching memoir
Useful advice for improving any relationship
Interesting history lesson about dynasty's founding father
Inspirational story that's a MUST for teachers &amp; parents
Useful self-help guide to happiness
Amusing and enlightening look at cross-dressing
Useful book for improving ALL relationships
Convoluted tale that is not author's best
Brown's best effort to date!
Useful book that will help you restructure your life
Inspiring book for just about anybody
Behind-the-scenes look at the Clinton presidency
Sparks delivers--again!!
Useful book that helps you unleash your creativity
Haunting tale
Believable characters make for an enjoyable read
Engrossing tale from Brown when she was a romance novelist
Soupy's book is a winner . . . just like he was AND is!
Useful advice presented in a calming style
Quirky, fascinationg compilation of obituaries
Fine update of Shackleton's ideas
Excellent overview of Feng Shui
Inspiring, informative and entertaining look at topic
Some good ideas and stories that will inspire you
A MUST READ for any golfer
Suprisingly moving look at the first President Bush
Book will want to make you watch his TV show!
Another thought-provoking winner by the colorful O'Reilly
Short but powerful book that will get you thinking
Disappointing effort from an otherwise funny guy
Franken is funny; this is not
Great debut novel that makes for a nice change of pace
A MUST READ for any baseball fan
Patterson again scores with the first in a new series
If you miss Steve Allen, get this book!
Another useful book by Carlson that applies to men AND women
Barry again hits the mark with his latest effort
Gripping tale of murder and obsession
Made me appreciate the work done by so many Americans
Useful examples that can be applied to many situations
This is a MUST for students, parents AND educators
First Hunter book for me, but it won't be the last
Too many twists and turns
Exciting book even if you're not a horseracing fan
Dyer's insights will get you thinking
Fine book with excellent plot and dialogue
Moving collection of stories about Americans
Disappointing effort by author
Inspiring story of a woman who keeps bouncing back
Must for anybody who likes thinking person's comic
you'll learn how to be more productive at work
makes philosophy come alive
Useful collection of ideas for your daily life
Amazing book about the secrets of the White House
Thrilling story
Exciting, touching story of a blind mountain climber
Gripping thriller
What a life, what a book!
Another great book by the St. James!
Interesting multigenerational tale
A &quot;must,&quot; especially if you're &quot;new&quot; to online existence
Disappointing thriller
Inspiring, funny book for even the non-sports fan
Quick-moving tale, aided by great narration
Lively look at word usage!
Overlong but always interesting
Many fine ideas ....
Early Demille effort; his later stuff is better
If you like biographies and/or berg, you will like this!
Not a typical biography
A thriller that makes me want to read author's next book
I'm not a hardware store fan, but this book was GREAT
Heard the taped version and liked it
Another great thriller by Lescroart
Moderatly funny, but not as funny as author's columns
Insightful view of presidency from first lady's perspective
Absorbing true crime story set at the turn of the century
ok walk, but not nearly as good as author's other two books
abridged version was GREAT; now want to read book . . .
forget some of the other reviews, this is a fine book
starts a bit slow, but stick with it
not vintage dunne
very enjoyable book
made me appreciate that i did not live then!
lot of good ideas here...and funny, too
what a disappointment
great first novel
moving story; funny, too
heard taped version and enjoyed it . . .
not kane &amp; abel . . .
excellent way to find your way around on the web
some good ideas here
for biography lovers . . . and others, too
a &quot;must&quot; read if you enjoyed tuesdays with morrie
interesting premise; overall, somewhat disappointing
good, but enjoyed perfect better
has lots of good ideas
readable account of an outstanding individual
bit overlong, but interesting look at the man
accurate depiction of academic life
heard taped version and it was ok
very interesting bio of a man i knew little about
good overview of what happened in vietnam
you don't have to be Buddhist to value from this book
heard taped version and found it inspirational
interesting legal thriller
good insight into sinatra ....
heard taped version...
heard taped version and enjoyed it...
interesting but overlong tale
lot of good advice...
interesting, if not overly believable
some interesting ideas....
if you loved the notebook, you'll love this one too...
first book by author i have read, and i will read others
another good one by brown...
applicable to any business or organization
if you love movies....
very romantic book....
taped version
heard taped version.....
Gray presents many useful ideas!
touching story of unrequited love
not grayk's best...
very well-written, very romantic (in parts)...
good story...
first book i've read by the author, but won't be last
very moving book
made me rethink the reagan presidency
typical clark
some funny jokes and stories . . .
suspenseful thriller
will keep your attention
contemporary thriller
how aol amazed everybody, including bill gates!
poignant story
this book, though fiction, feels like it could be true
won't want to put it down!
not demille's best...
author knows her subject....
excellent for two reasons:
makes you appreciate  the fact that you don't live in russia
different tha other books by author, but also engaging
basic stuff to do...
great story!
liked it and now want to see many of cagney's movies again
moving story
fascinating account
will keep your attention
disappointing
maybe i missed something?
bit surprised that i enjoyed it as much as i did
helped me understand bierce...
forget what some have said here, read this book!
interesting book about a guy who does get things done
will hold your interest
highly readable biography of a complex individual
violent thriller that drags a bit
enjoyable, quick-reading love story
don't rush to read this one
don't rush to read
moving account of a father's love for his son
you'll like it, even if not an ice skating fan
enjoyed it
heard taped version of book &amp; enjoyed it; lots of good ideas
i enjoyed it
inspirational story
interesting thriller
if you are a real golf fan, you'll like this
Listening to taped version was a great expereience.
