Save the children
Is Hitler alive?
Looking back fondly...
Transitional
Look into my eyes...
Good story crawls out of BBC's vaults
A French Napoleon of Crime?
Akira awakens...
Come to beautiful Neopolis
Just magic!
Time travel made complex (in a good way)
OK story but visuals sorely missed
Moving towards greatness
Good concepts poorly assembled
The year of intelligent writing
Time catches up with everyone
Does everything a spider can...
A passionless mystery
When dinosaurs ruled the Earth...
An interesting literary experiment presented as Doctor Who
Left out in the cold
Where's the Doctor?
Games but no fun
Thinking dark thoughts
Can Who do voodoo?
Second Doctor's era takes off
Visual impact missed in this release
Wandering haphazardly
Two promising writers debut
A generic adventure for the Doctor...
A real mouthful!
'The Devil Rides Out', Doctor Who style
Two great stories and one miss
'The Name of the Rose' Doctor Who style
The legacy of Moriarty
God moves in less mysterious ways
Picking up pace
Introducing the Chelonians
Beginnings of the world's greatest heroes
In Heaven, everything is fine...
Transitional
Old TV series never fade away...
The Doctor and the unicorns?
This blast has echoes further down the novel series
The past and the present in collision
Apocalypse Then
The biography of a friendship
You were always on my mind...
Blood and bones wrapped in rags
Travelling in space and time once more
Welcome to Nazi Britain
New adventures begin...
Obviously a first novel
Tune into Channel 400 for the new adventures of the Doctor
Dark clouds on the horizon
A real silver nemesis
A ripping yarn with a surprise twist
Somehow this one doesn't work for me
Catch as cat can
No sinking feeling here
World War Two is the least of their problems
Swords, spaceships and the Brigadier
A story that evolves as it goes along
Plating something in silver doesn't make it valuable
Not my definition of greatest
An odd confectionery
Cold and comfortable, but not deep
Daleks rise from the junkyard
50s alien invasion fun
Build high for happiness
A new Doctor? Break out the loyhargil and asmalp!
Holmes looks into Lincoln's assassination
(Re-)introducing Mel Bush
Penguins, Ogrons and the surprise villain... Oh my!
Cyberfarming is not fun
And the villain is...
A companion from the future?
Trials and tribulations...
Let's do the mindwarp again
A change for the better
Slipshod would be more appropriate!
Victorian &quot;superteam&quot; of known characters
A mercy killing
New story arc off to an average start
Deadly fun and games in Blackpool
Two Doctors, too complicated
The return of the green scaly foes
A bit too cosmic for me
Rather worse than it should be...
Dark tale of brooding inevitability
The return of Fitz and the TARDIS...
Winston Churchill and other manipulators
The  Doctor's new diet is... human flesh?
If we can't watch it, this will be just fine!
Be careful when you give advice
This dish is served cold
The start of something big
The past outweighs the present
Hyperspatial accident reveals hidden truths
Three little Time Lords from school are we
Overloaded with continuity
The worst aspects of the Sixth Doctor revisited
The Doctor's Daughter??!!
Fails to successfully evoke Holmes
Gruesome tale of body horror
A very English ending
Snuff video goes global
A sequel to what?
Adventure in a non-place
You don't want to know...
Historical setting for an alien threat
The lion roars again
Flying backwards in time to oddness
The only dilemma is whether to buy this one...
Come to beautiful Neopolis
Mysteries in tunnel construction
Too much clutter hides the story
Anyone for chess with Moriarty?
Strange way to give physics lessons
Planet of the vampires
The Power of Kroll, done right
More Mara
Bizarre murders and historical personages
A wonderful read
Not a great sequel, but still a good book
Burning ring of fire
The triumphs and tribulations of making a TV movie
What is the secret of Little Hodcombe?
Stories kept hidden for various reasons
The earth is hungry
Too rushed?
The wrong Doctor and UNIT vs. the alien invaders...
Excellent novel with some difficult aspects
Five into one can go, but not in an original way
A thorny story
Tuck in!
The winner takes it all
A book that should have lost itself
Holiday in other people's misery
The last Fourth Doctor story
A Doctor Who Buddhist parable?
The beginning of the end...
The Doctor who came in from the Cold War
A potted history of Doctor Who's first 21 years
Blood from the vampire's tomb...
Oh dear...
Strange plot from Amsterdam
An old enemy and other surprises
A game of cricket with unexpected post-game activity
Some games are played rough!
Breaking out of the circle
Frogs in space?
Five against Seven in a game of Patience
The first Fifth Doctor story
A magnificent Doctor Who book
More like 'Density of the Daleks'
This story is the pits
Last segment a bit tired
Prisoner of Zenda, Doctor Who style
Alan Moore's male archetype
The stones are thirsty...
Love and enthusiasm don't always equal quality
Start of the Key to Time and intro Romana
Don't open the door!
Invasion Gallifrey
Pay your taxes
How low can you go?
Eight-legs good, two-legs bad
Worst Cybermen story ever
And K9 makes three...
Enclosed spaces and murder mysteries
The Doctor and Leela take on death personified
Mycroft Holmes series off with a promising start
A great Easter (Island) gift
Alan Moore's female archetype
Poor sequel to Robots of Death
An absence of originality
Great story, adaptation could be better
Science Fiction murder mystery misses its visuals
Last man should have waited before running
Investigating anarchists at Mr. Churchill's command
Leela's first story
Beware the Millennium Snake
A big hand for the Doctor's best ever companion
Political intrigue on the planet of the Time Lords
Mummy's favourite
Retread of an earlier story
Flower power taken to an extreme
The Internet welcomes alien invaders
The stars align for a good story
It's not evil, it's just pretty boring
Introducing Sarah Jane Smith
Retread of earlier story
Wonderful reprise of fictional and historical characters
Nessie opposes North Sea Oil
Four stories in the classic Holmes style
Nostradamus predicts a good read
Unsuccessful telling of an untold Holmes story
A satisfying traditional Doctor Who story
Quite simply, the best Dalek story ever
Greater than the sum of its parts
Lack of surprise follows lack of surprise
A substantial misunderstanding of the Holmes canon
Catastrophea by name, catastrophe by nature
Short stories that failed to engage me
An experimental novel that works
A Stadivarius and a serial killer
Radio story works better as a book
Unsurprising story which fails to excite
Tired re-run of a Doctor Who classic
Good is bad in the anti-matter universe
Doctor Who does 'Alien' before Ridley Scott
Bigger than big, stronger than strong - but not Gigantor
Jurassic London
Good story with clichéd characters
Political intrigue in the far future
Green is bad in this environmental story
Well-told story in a traditional style
Sherlock Holmes vs. Jack the Ripper
Holmes in true criminal investigations
Daleks plan invasion from a jungle planet
Too clever and complex for its own good
It's not easy being green
All together now
Ra-Ra-Rasputin
The final frontier?
The Doctor all at sea in first trip post-exile
The Master steals the spotlight to the story's detriment
Fine stories in the Doyle tradition
A Masterful novel
It's the end of Atlantis (again)
Will an Earth colony world become an insect colony?
Parallel worlds story explores different possibilities
Given that the Target Doctor Who adaptations began at around
Excellent work of melancholic whimsy
The Master vs. the world
No disappointments in readable collection
Sherlock Holmes vs. Jack the Ripper - and the consequences
The Daleks want WWIII now!
Beware of aliens bearing gifts!
Slowing moving TV serial benefits from trimming
Introducing the Master
Much better than the title suggests
The Silurians are back
Danger from before the dawn of humanity
B Grade movie queen rules the world!
Which is the greater threat - the Master or boredom?
Daleks' Master Plan begins
Cliché, cliché, cliché
Last second Doctor story reveals the Doctor's past
Selachians return in a great book
A biography that strives for honesty
Ice Warriors make good return
Spends a lot of time in the sewer but still smells sweet
Best experienced as a TV serial
Cliched aliens invade cliched planet; outcome: boredom.
Good attempt that loses out in the translation
Cybermen in a slow story of fortuitous coincidences
Sequel that devalues the original story
Great story set in World War II
Not really the second Doctor's kind of story
Average adaptation of classic story
Magnificent adaptation of a Doctor Who classic
What were they thinking of?
Classic Who story in good novelisation
Fun historical for all the TARDIS crew
Third Cybermen story the best ever
The &quot;last&quot; Dalek story
Alien abductions in 1966
OK, but the soundtrack is better
For completists only!
Grim setting with a comedy Doctor
End of the first Doctor and introduction of Cybermen
Doctor Who prevents the threat of the evil Internet
A great story with interesting new aliens
The first story of the second Doctor well adapted
Yo ho ho and a few yawns
Doctor visits the wild west in an OK shoot-out
A new pantheon for modern times?
Daleks' Master Plan ends
High tech cannibalism
Grim historical highlights the companion
A story of actions and their consequences
Civil war and a messianic Doctor
Not up to its reputation
Different version of the siege of Troy from the pen of Homer
Early environmental story for Doctor Who
A story that doesn't stand the test of time
Lightweight story improved in this novel
The Daleks first return
Doctor Who in world's longest running war zone
Starts well then falls very flat
Doctor Who goes 1950s sci-fi movie
Third Dalek story proves very bland
Who says Doctor Who historicals can't be good?
History rewritten with a James Bond touch
A story that doesn't stand the test of time
Excellent depiction of a truly alien society
An enjoyable romp through 17th century Venice
A story that doesn't stand the test of time
Doctor Who on the planet of the insects
Semi-historical introduces another Time Lord
&quot;Carry on Cleo&quot; Doctor Who-style
First Doctor Who story not a great novelisation
Lacklustre science fiction story improved by novelisation
Interesting Doctor Who in a fantasy novel setting
A good novelisation of a classic story
Straightforward novelisation not up to the original
A straightforward adaptation of a weak story
A straightforward novelisation of a classic story
The original Dalek story
The original Dalek story
Better than the television story it adapts
A great story for Mel, but not the Doctor
Good story crawls out of BBC's vaults
Good unchallenging read, but why the &quot;spiritualism&quot;?
It's for charity, and that's the only good thing
New story arc still not good Doctor Who
Backwards in time to save the present
Reasonable Holmes in an unlikely location
Enjoyable read that doesn't go down with the ship
OK read, but where's Watson?
Fifth Doctor in Boy's Own-style story
Average biography, but read it for Ingeborg Pertwee's part
Odd concept, but good stories
A good read for Holmes enthusiasts
Good attempt at a Mycroft Holmes nobel
Victorian social mores under the Great Detective's glass
A slender volume of stories with slender plots
A flawed oddity - could have been better!
A stimulating read
