Another great Lady Grace mystery.
A great prequel to the .hack story.
An enjoyable manga adaptation of Kingdom Hearts.
Exciting third book in the Lady Grace Mysteries series.
Another great mystery featuring Lady Grace.
Exciting second book in the On the Run series.
One of my favorite Dear Canada books.
Exciting start to a unique vampire trilogy.
A fun time travel adventure for young readers.
An excellent Dear Canada book.
Excellent historical novel in a promising new series.
Good, but not among the best in the series.
Not terrible, but the Felicity books were much better.
Exciting fourth book in the Spy X series.
A good historical romance with an unusual setting.
Excellent fictional diary of a young slave girl.
Wonderful fictional diary of a young Pilgrim girl.
A good historical novel for young girls.
A good historical novel for young girls.
A good historical novel for young girls.
Exciting first book in a new Gordon Korman adventure series.
An ok historical romance with a good setting but weak characters.
Another excellent W.i.t.c.h graphic novel.
A good time travel adventure for young readers.
A good book from the Dear Canada series.
One of my favorite Dear Canada books.
Another good book from the W.I.T.C.H. series.
Another wonderful historical novel from Gloria Whelan.
Another excellent Lady Grace mystery.
A very good book from The Promised Land Diaries series.
A very good sweet Medieval historical romance.
A very good book from The American Adventure series.
An okay American Girls Short Story.
A good book from the Dear Canada series.
Good second book from the Alissa series.
Another great book from the Abbey Mysteries series.
A thrilling and unique teen horror novel.
A good time travel adventure for young readers.
A good fantasy adventure for young girls.
Wonderful graphic novel for all fans of W.I.T.C.H.
A nice short story featuring Kit Kittredge.
Great start to a new series by Kathleen Duey.
A good fantasy story that will appeal to young girls.
A sweet romance set on the Titanic.
A fun American Girls book for Molly fans.
A good sequel to Ellie's New Home.
An enjoyable sweet Medieval romance.
A sweet story set on the early American frontier.
A unique, nicely designed American Girls book.
A wonderful and unique American Girls book.
A good book from the Magic Attic Club series.
A good book from the Magic Attic Club series.
Great mystery for Samantha fans.
Great mystery for Kaya fans.
A sweet historical family story.
Good historical fiction about a slave girl.
A heartwarming story about a young pioneer girl.
Another exciting mystery featuring Lady Grace.
A good sweet romance set during the Titanic's fateful voyage
A pretty good sweet colonial romance.
Thrilling fourth book in the Mediator series.
Wonderful first book in the Mediator series.
Thrilling second book in the Mediator series.
Thrilling third book in the Mediator series.
Another great adventure with Abby and her friends.
A disappointing book from the American Adventure series.
A great supernatural romance for teens.
A great supernatural romance for teens.
A great gothic romance for teens.
A great supernatural romance for teens.
Exciting third book in the Spy X series.
A fun new adventure series for kids.
Exciting second book in the Spy X series.
A good romance for fans of colonial settings.
Another excellent historical novel for teens by Ann Rinaldi.
An excellent new book from the Royal Diaries series.
A pretty good sweet historical romance.
Good historical fiction for young readers.
Pretty good western historical adventure.
An excellent sequel to Angels Watching Over Me.
An excellent historical novel.
A good book from the American Adventure series.
Another good book from the American Adventure series.
The exciting sixth adventure featuring Abby Kendall.
Okay book from the American Adventure series.
Excellent teen novel about Lady Jane Grey.
A good historical immigrant story for young readers.
A good sweet historical romance.
Another good book from the American Adventure series.
Wonderful sequel to The Singer of All Songs.
Another exciting adventure with Abby and her friends.
Good historical fiction for young readers.
Another good book from the American Adventure series.
Excellent historical fiction.
A sweet historical novel about the power of friendship.
A good conclusion to Hope's story.
Cute series for fans of historical fiction & horse stories.
Exciting conclusion to the .hack manga series.
Another good book from the Girls of Lighthouse Lane series.
Exciting conclusion to the Dragons of Deltora series.
Another good book from "The American Adventure" series.
Exciting third book in the Dragons of Deltora series.
A heartwarming story of love and family.
Excellent historical novel about Lady Jane Grey.
Enjoyable historical fiction set in Biblical times.
Good historical fiction set in Biblical times.
Exciting conclusion to the Keepers trilogy.
Second exciting fantasy adventure in the Keepers trilogy.
A cute and charming teen romance.
Exciting fourth adventure featuring Abby and her friends.
Good historical fiction for young readers.
Nice short story for American Girls fans.
Good historical fiction immigrant story.
A magical and enchanting fantasy.
Cute and fun teen romance.
Wonderful fantasy novel for teens.
The story of Esther told through a young girl's diary.
A good book from the My Story series.
Exciting second adventure in the Dragons of Deltora series.
Exciting first book in a new Deltora adventure.
Good historical fiction for young readers.
Excellent historical fiction based on a true story.
Good conclusion to the Sarah's Journey series.
Good historical fiction for young readers.
Exciting historical adventure.
Exciting third adventure featuring Abby Kendall.
Wonderful historical fiction.
Enjoyable book for readers who love horse stories.
Good third book in the Riverboat Adventures series.
Good second book in the Abbey Mysteries series.
Good historical fiction about the Pilgrims.
Exciting second adventure in the series.
Good fourth book in the Sarah's Journey series.
A cute historical horse story.
Good second book in the Riverboat Adventures series.
Good historical fiction set in Colonial times.
Exciting first book in a historical adventure series.
Charming historical fiction horse story.
A great big mess.
Wonderfully miserable eleventh book in the series.
A good new book from the My Story series.
Good historical fiction in a unique format.
Good historical fiction with a touch of mystery.
A cute Princess Diaries Christmas story.
Exciting third book in the Lady Grace Mysteries series.
Wonderful new Dear America book.
Another great historical novel by Gloria Whelan.
Wonderful sixth book from the Mediator series.
Another exciting adventure featuring Lady Grace.
Exciting start to a new historical mystery series.
A wonderful new book from the Dear America series.
Good third book in the Sarah's Journey series.
Another good book from the Girls of Lighthouse Lane series.
Interesting historical fiction in an unusual format.
Charming historical fiction.
Sweet historical novel for young girls.
A good book from the Treasured Horses series.
Second book in a good historical fiction series.
Wonderful conclusion to The Spiderwick Chronicles series.
Wonderful and unique historical fiction.
A good pioneer story set on the Colonial Kentucky frontier.
Excellent teen historical romance.
Good start to a historical fiction series.
Wonderful historical fiction with a unique setting.
A good book from the Dawn of Love series.
Wonderful sequel to At the Sign of the Sugared Plum.
Another great historical novel by Ann Rinaldi.
A good book from the My Story series.
Good start to a new historical mystery series.
Wonderful novel that brings the Trojan War to life.
First book in an original new teen series.
Another great addition to the Dear Canada series.
Excellent third book in the Missing Persons series.
Wonderful second book in the Missing Persons series.
Another exciting adventure featuring Lady Grace.
Exciting start to a new series.
Good new book from the Royal Diaries series.
Excellent new book in the series.
Promising start to a new series.
My favorite book from the My Story series.
Another fun teen read from Katie Maxwell.
Wonderful novel that brings the Trojan War to life.
Good new series from Kathleen Duey.
Wonderful novel.
A wonderful addition to the Young Royals series.
Very cute story for teen readers.
Wonderful new novel from Gloria Whelan.
A wonderful conclusion to Sofia's diary.
A wonderful book from the My Story series.
A young girl's diary of the Great Plague in 1665 London.
Wonderful book from the My Story series.
Wonderful addition to the "Once Upon a Time" series.
A wonderful new Dear America book.
Sofia's story continues.
A good new My America.
An excellent new Dear America book.
An excellent addition to the Royal Diaries series.
A wonderful tale combining history, romance, and fantasy.
A wonderful conclusion to Virginia's story.
A good conclusion to Meg's story.
One girl's story during the Great Plague of 1665.
The first book in a good new teen series.
A good new book from the Royal Diaries series.
A good new My America book.
A good new Dear America book.
A good new Dear America book.
A good new book from The Royal Diaries series.
Another wonderful Avon True Romance.
Another wonderful Dear Canada book.
Another wonderful Avon True Romance.
A wonderful new Avon True Romance.
A wonderful new Avon True Romance.
My new favorite book from the Avon True Romance series.
One of my favorite books from The Royal Diaries series.
A wonderful new book from the Dear America series.
The wonderful conclusion to Elizabeth's story.
A good new Dear America book, written by a teenage girl.
A pretty good new book from the Avon True Romance series.
An exciting new book from the Replica series.
A wonderful historical romance for teens.
A wonderful Medieval Scottish romance.
A wonderfully unique new book from the Dear America series.
A wonderful historical romance for teens.
A wonderful historical romance for teens.
A wonderful historical romance for teens.
A sweet love story perfect for teenage girls.
A wonderful young adult historical novel.
A wonderful new book from the My America series.
The first book in a thrilling new trilogy by Gordon Korman.
A wonderful new book from the Avon True Romance series.
Wonderful historical romance in a unique setting.
A wonderful combination of romance and suspense.
A clever and funny historical romance.
An exciting Viking romance.
A wonderful historical romance set on the Colonial frontier.
A sweet Medieval romance perfect for teenage girls.
An action-packed historical romance.
The thrilling conclusion to the Water trilogy.
Another wonderful Medieval romance by Margaret Moore.
A wonderful Medieval romance set in Scotland.
A wonderful historical romance.
A wonderful Medieval romance.
A charming historical romance for teenage girls.
A charming historical romance for teenage girls.
A charming historical romance for teenage girls.
An excellent new My America book continuing Hope's story.
An excellent new My America book continuing Virginia's story
The thrilling second book in the Water trilogy.
A great new book from the Royal Diaries series.
A wonderful new Dear America book.
The thrilling conclusion to the Fingerprints series.
The thrilling first book in a new fantasy trilogy.
The hilarious first book in the Goddesses series.
A dissapointment.
A thrilling supernatural romance for teens.
The thrilling eighth book in the Sweep series.
The thrilling sixth book in the Fingerprints series.
A thrilling new book from the Replica series.
A thrilling supernatural romance for teens.
A wonderful new book from the My America series.
The thrilling fourth book in the Mediator series.
A supernatural mystery story combined with some romance.
A thrilling supernatural romance.
The thrilling seventh book in the Sweep series.
The thrilling conclusion to the Seventh Tower series.
Easily the best New Jedi Order book yet.
The second thrilling book in the series.
The fourth thrilling book in the P.C. Hawke series.
The thrilling fifth book in the Fingerprints series.
The thrilling conclusion to the Deltora Quest series.
A new Royal Diaries book about Victoria's childhood.
A girl's diary of one holiday season during the Depression.
A wonderful historical novel.
The thrilling third book in the Remnants series.
A new My Name is America book about the Donner Party.
A good continuation of Rowan's story.
An excellant historical novel.
Not reccomended.
Another thrilling new book in the Replica series.
An enchanting fantasy for young readers.
An exciting historical mystery.
Good third book in the series.
Great new book from the History Mysteries series.
An exciting new historical novel.
A wonderful new History Mysteries book.
A wonderful and heartwarming historical novel.
An exciting historical disaster story.
A wonderful new Dear America book.
A wonderful new Dear America book.
The seventh thrilling book in the Deltora Quest series.
The third book in the thrilling P.C. Hawke Mysteries series.
A very wacky and very funny book.
The fifth historical story from the Young Americans series.
A very funny and very weird book.
Another thriller from Amelia Atwater-Rhodes.
The eight book in A Series of Unfortunate Events.
A hilarious book that's a ton of fun to read!
The thrilling second book in the 1-800-Where-R-You series.
The thrilling second part of The Lost Slayer.
The first book in an exciting new series.
A spooky and funny new book by R.L. Stine.
The thrilling third book in the Mummy Chronicles series.
Shows the &quot;other side&quot; of the Texas Revolution.
One girl's difficult choice during the Spanish Inquisition.
An excellent book from the Royal Diaries series.
Another wonderful book by Jennifer L. Holm
I highly reccomend this wonderful historical novel.
The thrilling sixth book in the Deltora Quest series.
Being psychic isn't all it's cracked up to be!
A beautifully written book.
A thrilling new Star Wars book.
An enchanting new fantasy novel.
The thrilling second book in the T*Witches series.
The thrilling second book in the Remnants series.
The thrilling conclusion to the Nightmare Room Thrillogy.
The thrilling fourth book in the Fingerprints series.
The thrilling fifth book in the Sweep series.
The thrilling sequal to Cirque Du Freak.
A clever and entertaining parody.
A determined frontier girl follows her dreams.
The first part in a thrilling new story arc.
A must read for all Star Wars fans.
The thrilling fifth book in the Seventh Tower series.
The thrilling second book in the Island trilogy.
The thrilling first book in a special Nightmare Room story.
The thrilling start to a new Jedi Apprentice story arc.
A thrilling book for fans of the movies.
The thrilling fifth book in the Deltora Quest series.
The first book in an enchanting new fantasy series.
The first book in a thrilling new teen horror series.
The second book in a thrilling new teen horror series.
The thrilling conclusion to the Island trilogy.
One of the better books from the series.
Couldn't have been any better.
The thrilling second book in the series.
The first book in a great new mystery series.
An exciting fantasy adventure for young readers.
The Nightmare Room Thrillogy continues with book two.
The thrilling third book in The Mediator series.
The thrilling Unseen trilogy continues with book two.
An adorable and funny book for Rugrats fans.
A must-read for all Finnegan Zwake fans!
A fascinating historical novel.
The thrilling fourth book in the Sweep series.
A hilarious continuation of Mia's story.
A hilarious fantasy that's a whole lot of fun to read.
A wonderful new book from the American Sisters series.
A poorly written novelization of the upcoming movie.
The thrilling second book in the Mummy Chronicles series.
A thrilling book inspired by the upcoming movie.
It's not quite paradise!
The thrilling Deltora Quest series continues.
The thrilling second book in the Island trilogy.
A thrilling new special Jedi Apprentice book.
A story set at the beginning of the Texas Revolution in 1835
The thrilling third book in the Fingerprints series.
The thrilling beginning of a special Nightmare Room story.
A well written historical novel set in Texas in 1847.
The thrilling second book in the Fingerprints series.
K. A. Applegate's new series takes off with a blast.
An extremely funny book.
A lovely peek into the past.
The story of a slave girl as seen through her letters.
The first book in a thrilling new series.
The quest continues.
A young girl's diary of the California Gold Rush.
Another heartwarming book from the American Quilts series.
The first book in a thrilling new trilogy.
The countdown is over.....
A thrilling book from the series.
A thrilling book combining historical fiction and mystery.
A thrilling new book from the Nightmare Room series.
A great new book from the Journey to America series.
A beautifully written love story.
A thrilling new Angel novel.
A thrilling novel for fans of both Buffy and Angel.
A great novel based on characters from the TV series.
The newest book in the thrilling Fearless series.
A fascinating portrayal of the young Princess Elizabeth.
A girl's diary of her adventures on the Chisholm Trail.
As thrilling as the first two books in the series.
A not-so-entertaining end to the series.
Misfortune follows the Baudelaires to their newest home.
An inspiring novel about a girl during the Great Depression.
A great new book from the American Diaries series.
A young boy's diary of his journey from slavery to freedom.
The end is near......
A thrilling new book from the Blair Witch Files series.
Not as good as previous books in the series.
Offers a unique perspective on the Civil War.
Another great book from the Replica series.
The first book in a thrilling new series.
A wonderful fantasy novel for young readers.
A wonderful new Charmed novel.
The first book in a thrilling new series.
An exciting novelization of the new movie.
A thrilling read for fans of the movie.
A thrilling new Star Wars book centering on Anakin Solo.
One of the best Buffy books ever.
A charming fantasy novel.
Jimena must confront her painful past in order to survive.
An enchanting new fantasy novel.
The quest continues on a journey to the Lake of Tears.
A great new book from the History Mysteries series.
Frightening vision of the future.
A wonderful continuation of the American Quilts series.
Sometimes it's best to let the dead stay buried....
In every war there are sacrifices.......
A thrilling new book in the Jedi Apprentice series.
A 16-year-old girl becomes soldier and spy during in 1861.
One boy must save an entire world from the grip of evil.
A powerful retelling of Morgan le Fay's troubled childhood.
A 12-year-old girl and her father flee Nazi-occupied Poland.
Where do Morgan's true loyalities lie?
A Cherokee boy keeps a journal on the Trail of Tears.
Something is not right in Laura's home.
An excellent continuation of the Fearless series.
Old secrets never die.
The Baudelaire orphans' miserable adventures continue.
Evil never dies.
The adventures of four sisters at the Chicago World's Fair.
The tragic story of Hawaii's last princess.
Amy's turned thirteen - and she has some real growing pains!
The clock is ticking - and the future of Earth is at stake.
Elizabeth's story continues in this wonderful sequel.
Starts off a great new series.
A wondeful continuation of this great new series.
Excellant addition to the Jedi Apprentice series.
Starts off a cool new series.
A wonderful historical novel.
A young girl corresponds with President Jefferson.
A novel that proves that truth is stranger than fiction.
A pretty good science fiction thriller for teens.
An exciting recreation of the events at Los Alamos in 1945.
There's nothing left to hide....
A young Irish girl struggles to make a new life in America.
A remarkable true story set during colonial times.
A 13-year-old girl's diary of life in California in 1846.
A young boy describes his journey west on the Oregon Trail.
The secret is out - and now everything's changed....
An excellent addition to the series.
One of the best Nightmare Room books.
An excellant new Angel novel.
Excellant continuation of the Fearless series.
Pretty good addition to the Replica series.
Excellent continuation of the American Quilts series.
An excellant addition to the American Diaries series.
Another excellant Buffy novel by Diana Gallagher.
A young girl describes her life in 1776 Philadelphia.
Excellant addition to the American Sisters series.
Never tell a lie.
An excellant conclusion to the trilogy.
A good addition to the Body of Evidence series.
A good continuation of the first book.
A young girl's diary of life on a whaling ship.
Good addition to the Angel novel series.
Easily the best book so far in the New Jedi Order series.
A great new series for teens.
I don't understand why people dislike this book....
A book that manages to be good without the &quot;main&quot; characters
A solid Star Wars book.
Hilarious spoof of the teen horror genre.
Creepy addition to the series.
How it all began.
Phoebe attempts to solve a forty year old mystery.
Another thriller from The Nightmare Room.
Solid addition to the series, although not the best.
Exciting conclusion to the Agents of Chaos duo.
Essentially, this is a book about Han Solo.
A supenseful thriller that had me on the edge of my seat.
An excellant addition to the Buffy novel series.
A good book for younger readers about the Depression.
Not as great as #45, but still awesome.
An excellant prequal novel set during World War II.
Funny and original.
Another great book by Ann Rinaldi.
Another good History Mysteries book.
A mystery set during the end of the Civil War.
A resourceful young girl fights to clear her father's name.
A young indentured servant girl in 1621 discovers a mystery.
Better than I expected.
Another great addition to the series.
Finally, a new book from Karen Cushman!
An extremely enjoyable fantasy/mystery.
Great start to the series.
Emily's story continues after the Titanic.
A pioneer girl learns the true meaning of family.
A chilling collection of western ghost stories.
Good book, but not scary at all.
A Medieval girl struggles to control her own life.
Great for fans of &quot;Dear America.&quot;
An imaginative fantasy novel.
Not bad for younger readers.
Can Serena change what appears to be her destiny?
A young girl's courage keeps her family alive.
An exciting sea story set during the Civil War.
A fascinating novel filled with details of 17th century life
A girl tries to live her life even as death hangs over her.
A pleasant enough story.... but oh so perfect!
Quakers in Nantucket help a runaway slave and his family.
Two stepsisters start out as strangers but become friends.
Buffy meets Jurassic Park.
Still going strong....
The story of a real girl who saved a fort in 1782.
We all make our own luck - don't we?
What is happening to Danielle's brother?
A ghost story set in World War II America.
Senna tells her story.
A young girl's diary of her journey to America in 1901.
Cole must help the victims of a plane crash rest in peace.
The beginning of the end.
A Victorian tale filled with suspense and intrigue.
A dissapointment.
A girl fights to survive in the 1793 yellow fever epidemic.
An old fashioned adventure story.
The Blair Witch Project meets Fear Street.
Heather's younger cousin investigates the Blair Witch.
What's up with the new substitute?
Fascinating fictional account of the Gold Rush.
A young girl keeps a diary of the year 1919.
A gripping survival story that had me on the edge of my seat
Amid the Chicago Fire, a girl discovers strength within her.
Everything gets even more twisted!
A family saga begins in 1773 Boston.
Another great book from the Survival series.
A survival story about two kids on the Titanic.
A girl must overcome her fears if she is to survive.
Two kids are thrown together and struggle to survive.
A story about a girl living on a dairy farm in 1933.
A wonderful continuation of the Hearts and Dreams saga.
A teenage girl finds romance and adventure in the Gold Rush.
A gripping story of survival in the San Francisco Earthquake
A young girl struggles to fufill her dreams.
A gripping tale of survival in the deserts of Death Valley.
A fictionalized account of a real family that went west.
Action-packed Onslaught is truly dark.
An Irish girl comes to America seeking a better life.
A bittersweet story of love, loss, and grief.
A girl and her family head west in 1883.
Yet another Titanic books..... but it's good.
Brings Puritan Massachusetts to life.
A girl escape the war torn south only to find more disaster.
A story about the power of literacy in a slave girl's life.
A book I still remember after four years.
A con man's daughter faces agonizing choices.
The story of an indentured servant girl in colonial Virginia
A beautifully written story about a young immigrant girl.
The opportunity of her life turns into a nightmare.
Two teens discover the secret to their mysterious powers.
An excellant addition to the series.
A story about how the Revolutionary War tore families apart.
Separated from her family, a pioneer girl must survive.
A girl's adventures in the California gold rush.
A haunting novel set during the Middle Ages.
A girl living in the late 1800s aspires to be a rancher.
A peek into the life of a just-freed girl.
An excellent addition to the My Name is America series.
A North Carolina mountain girl is accused of murder.
The story of the love between a young girl and her dog.
The Charmed Ones encounter voodoo in New Orleans.
A killer collection perfect for summer vacation.
Another really good Angel book.
A look at Marie Antoinette as a vulnerable young girl.
A pioneer girl comes of age during the time  of the Alamo.
The final battle (and an awesome conclusion!)
A fictional diary kept by Elizabeth I as a young girl.
A Pilgrim girl's new life in the New World.
A southern teen experiences many hardships in the Civil War.
A beautifully written story about a young girl growing up.
Hope in the face of death.
What has gotten into Prue?
One of the Charmed Ones' friends is trying to betray them...
An excellant addition to the series.
A young girl observes the events at Valley Forge in 1777-78.
An excellant addition to the series.
It remains one of my favorite books ever.
Another excellant Jedi Apprentice book.
Much better than most of the recent Animorphs books.
A story of a girl's devotion to her little sister.
A page-turning continuation of book #1.
An inspiring story about a girl's love for her siblings.
A different sort of fantasy book.
A thrilling adventure based on a true story.
A girl's adventures during the silver rush.
Finding home.
Divided loyalties.
A satisfying conclusion to the trilogy.
Forgiveness, redemption, grief, and letting go.
If this is any indication, the movie will be great!
Growing up in wartime.
My favorite fantasy book ever!
During WW2, Madeline Beck fights her own war at home.
A delightfully miserable continuation!
Anastasia not as a royal figure but as a young girl.
An excellant addition to the Fearless series.
Another excellant Fearless book.
Someone is playing head games with Jenna's friends.
A harshly realistic yet inspiring story of prairie life.
An excellant addition to the My Name is America series.
An excellant addition to the Buffy novel series.
A story about keeping an impossible love alive against odds.
Everything's falling into place now!
A 19th century girl embarks on a voyage of discovery.
A historical novel for teens that delivers.
Never really held my interest for long.
An excellant conclusion to the thrilling 2099 series.
Possibly the best Dear America book so far.
Good historical details, weak story.
An excellant addition to the wonderful Dear America series.
A fictionalization of Queen Isabel of Spain's teenage years.
An excellant addition to the Replica series.
An enjoyable adventure that combines fantasy &amp; horror.
An excellant prequal that expands the film's universe.
An hour of my life I can never get back.
A wonderful prequal to the film.
The easiest escape.
This book was the kiss of death!
Great continuation.
A great follow up to Magic at the Crossroads.
An exciting thriller about a monster lurking in Stonehenge.
A suspense-filled thriller.
An excellant horror story.
An exciting, post appocalypse adventure.
A cool science fiction thriller.
Allie and Jean-Paul fight to put the evil to rest.
Mutant rats threaten New York City.
A thrilling adventure story.
A page turning thriller.
A thrilling science fiction novel.
A cool novel based on the show.
The best from the series.
An awesome book.
A wonderful addition to the Buffy series.
Predictable, but fun.
A slow-paced but enjoyable ghost story.
A young girl witnesses the Battle of Gettysburg.
An enjoyable, if predictable, thriller.
A good continuation of the Roswell High saga.
An excellant addition to the Angel series.
The settling of Jamestown from a young girl's point of view.
Good romantic thriller.
How the horror all began.....
A page-turning thriller.
One of my favorite Fear Street books.
Life after Earth....
A nice conclusion.
An excellant horror story.
Another cool book by Cameron Dokey.
A really cool graphic novel.
Not a scary horror story, but enjoyable.
A pretty cool ghost story
Finally an Animorphs book that lives up to the old standard.
An awesome Star Wars series - NOT just for kids!
Highly reccomended.
An awesome science fiction/horror story.
Very clever!
Didn't really care for it.
Aggie's not like other kids.
An awesome science fiction book.
An exciting supernatural mystery.
Starts up another great series by Janice Harrell
One of the best Outer Limits books.
Not the best from the series, but still good.
Lots of chills and thrills.
Definitley one of my favorite Fear Street books.
A great conclusion to the Vampire Twins series.
A pretty good Buffy novel with good characterizations.
A novel about how changing the past effects the future.
A great continuation of the Roswell High saga.
An excellant Buffy novel.
Not as good as The Vampire Twins, but still very good.
A cool supernatural mystery.
Another great book from the 2099 series.
Simply an amazing book.
Really really good!
A wonderful, romantic story.
A cool vampire story.
A pretty good conclusion, but the ending was too abrupt.
Another great Replica book.
The exciting series continues.
The final battle.
Starts off another great series by L. J. Smith.
Another great book by Cameron Dokey.
Continues a great series.
A great vampire story for teens.
Even better than the show.
Another good Buffy book.
An Invasion of the Body Snatchers type story.
Journey into the unknown..........
Are they aliens - or something much more frightening?
A southern girl makes an important discovery.
Much better than I expected.
Kids rebuild their lives on a decimitated alien planet.
My favorite Net Force book so far.
Even better than the TV show.
One of Smith's earlier books but just as good as Night World
Fighting a bleak future.
More non-stop action.
My favorite Fear Street Sagas book.
Great introduction if you never saw the pilot.
Sets up the Seniors premise.
Spine-tingling gothic tale.
Awesome conclusion.
Excellant first novel by a teenage girl.
Really really good!
Another good Buffy book.
A good start to the Night World series.
Not so bad.
Good quick read for Buffy and Angel fans.
An exciting, thrilling book.
This series just keeps getting more awesome!
A good book.
Another great Replica book.
A great book for fans of Angel and Buffy.
Another great Jedi Apprentice book.
Awesome, one of my favorite books ever!
So good I couldn't put it down!
A great book.
Awesome conclusion!
Awesome!
Not bad but darker than I expected.
Another great book by Ann Rinaldi.
Only two months left until the end of the world.
Lost in the bayous in 1850s.
Cool book in the Replica series.
It's 2099 and the end is near...unless one kid stops it.
My favorite EverWorld book!
Small town World War II story with a little mystery.
Love and lies on the Titanic - and more.
Highly reccomended!
A great continuation of the first three books.
An exciting mystery set during World War I.
Exciting book about a girl living at a Pony Express station.
An exciting story set during the War of 1812.
I loved this book!
I loved this book!
This book was awesome!
I loved this book!
Okay for some kids!
Neccesary to finish the game.
A wonderful book.
A lovely little book.
A great book.
A great book.
A beautifully written book.
A very good Survival book.
Another great book in the series.
An exciting book.
A cool book.
A really good book!!!
A good My Name is America book.
A good book in the series.
A good My Name is America book.
A great Dear America book!
Good first book in The Royal Diaries.
Beautifully written.
A good book of the series.
A very good book.
A very good book.
The story of Laura Ingalls Wilder's grandmother.
A great book.
A good American Diaries book.
An exciting book about survival.
A wonderful Dear America book!
A good My Name is America book.
In hiding.....in your enemy's house.
My favorite Survival! book.
Another great book in the AMERICAN SISTERS series!
A cool survival story.
A really good book.
This was a sweet story.
An exciting book.
A really good book!
I really enjoyed this book!
Train Wreck is another great Survival! book.
Highly unrealistic yet entertaining novel.
Just like the author's AGAINST ALL ODDS: GREAT!
A fascinating story of the Underground Railroad.
A wonderful American Sisters book!
A woman's journey by covered wagon in 1849.
An excellant novel.
Highly reccomended!
One of the best books I've read recently!
A young pioneer woman's diary.
A gripping tale of survival in Colonial America.
A short but captivating novel.
A great book!
A girl's life with her family on a prairie homestead.
The sequal to Journey to Nowhere.
A really great book!
The sequal to Journey to Nowhere.
Not my favorite Sunfire book.
An inspiring story of a young girl's determination.
Another great book in The Lyon Saga.
Excellant book!
This book was cool.
Cool book
I loved this book!
Great book!
Great book!
Another great Wild Rose Inn book.
Great book!
