A Sweeping Portrait of the Civil War
The Miraculous Journey of Love and Chance
The periphery of a civil war
Behind the Burnt Cork
An Amazing Fictional Leap
Reminiscent of Henry James, but with metafiction
Inspired by Mrs. Dalloway, but all Cunningham
One of Toni Morrison's Best Novels!
"Miss'sippi ain't nothing to play with."
The Truth Between the Lines
Well-paced plot with some loose ends
A Novel About Ireland and Passion
The Postman as Gatekeeper to a Tragedy
Always a good place to find quality short stories
A quiet, graceful tale of a small prairie town
A Satiric Novel by a Master Stylist
A Collage of Time and Love
The Brothers Grimm Meet Contemporary Life:  4+ Stars
Internment on the Isle of Man
Sometimes wonderful, sometimes self-indulgent: 3+ stars
A Long Stay in Orange County, California
A classic - and still the best
"A Change More Subtle Than a Threat of Danger, but Just as Urgent"
A Fascinating Look into Common Species
The Prolific Author in Person
Sri Lankan Families Struggling Against Expectations
A Harrowing Tale of Immigrants and "Coyotes": 4- stars
The Life of a Pious Man
A Good Supplemental Guide for Gardeners
The best book available for identifying garden insects
A Mad Race to Thwart a Conspiracy
Fast-paced and Entertaining
The World According to Neurology
An affectionate retelling of a legend
The Relationship Between Genes and the Environment
Historical fiction with a literary sensibility
Early But Powerful Morrison
Witty, Sweet, Heartbreaking, Wise - Absolutely Brilliant!
The Path to Getting Published
A Solid Guide to Fiction Markets
The Sprawling Circumstances of the Black Plague
Another fine anthology from BASS
Well-paced plot with some loose ends
Good recipes, gorgeous photos
A Culinary Sampling of Recipes and Their History
The Hardships and Triumphs of a Simple Life
Witty, playful, dark: a collection by the author of Chocolat
You are a captive audience . . . unfortunately
Lessons from a True Teacher
A Novel About Ireland and Passion
Another Glimpse into the Near-Future
An Excellent Introduction to Jane Austen's Works
Of Race, Cruelty, and Survival
Not Austen's best, but still wonderful
Garcia Marquez At His Most Spare
Action Diluted by Lectures
"Who ... could you entrust with the safety of your heart?"
A Massive Compilation from Gourmet Magazine
Just as Funny on the Page!
A Thriller Set in the Florida Keys
A Semiotics Professor on Various Aspects of Literature
5 stars for the beginning, 3 stars for the rest
A Disappointing Ghost Story Set in New Orleans
A Personal Look at Landscape Design
A Good Compilation of Christmas Carols
Many Voices, Many Stories - One Powerful Novel
For Twisted Minds
A Riff on America at the Turn of the 20th Century
A Solid Anthology
The Anatomy of a Distressed City
This novel brought me back to Steinbeck
A first-rate thriller
A Spectacular Novel about Loyalty and Love
Hearty and simple Italian fare
A Terrific Collection!
Unpretentious Stories by the Noted Screenwriter
Excellent and Innovative Fiction
The Dodo as Metaphor and Punchline
A Tapestry of Stories
A "Word-child" in Extraordinary Times
The Colors of a Collapsing World
A Novel for Academics
A Moving and Honest Portrait of Mental Illness
British Spunk and Punctuation
A Solid Phrasebook
A Complex Murder Mystery
An episodic novel about growing up in the seventies
An absolutely stunning play!
Intriguing concept - but is it drama?
Hilarious Send-Up of Literature and Writing
Stories by a Master
Still relevant a decade later
Sugared Magic Realism
Wow.
Another elegant collection from Julian Barnes
An Excellent Range of Voices and Cultures
The Unequal Weight of Grief
An Excellent Introduction to Jane Austen's Works
A Stylish, Atmospheric Ghost Story
The Circus as Legacy
Not Austen's best, but still wonderful
The Decadence and Violence of Amin's Regime
The Prose of Rock and Faultlines
Not Killer Suspense
Decadence at its most piggish:  3.5 stars
Literary Nostalgia
A Novel Told with Wit and Extraordinary Insight
Stories of love and lost opportunities
A Comprehensive Guide to Plants
An experimental blast
A Harrowing Tale About Personal Choices
Love, sadness, and growing up in the Caribbean
An Exercise, Not Much More
A Rousing Sports Fantasy:  4.5 stars
A strong third mystery in the series
Powerful, lyrical, moving
Fiction and Baseball - A Perfect Pairing
The Shifting Terrain of a Civil War
Beyond realism
4 1/2 stars for a thriller with real substance
An exploration of sex, love, and desire
The Play's the Thing
A Venetian labyrinth: 3 1/2 stars
The debut of an exciting new voice
The Fragile Nature of Love
The Inventions of the Heart
Good only for a cursory look at American writers
One of Toni Morrison's best novels
An invaluable guide for serious beachcombers
Uneven, but still worth the read
An amazing fictional leap
&quot;A Tragedy Rewritten as a Farce&quot;
Literature, Broken Down into Its Components
A Passion Play, Askew
Worth it just for &quot;Love Child&quot;
An important book for the aspiring writer
Still relevant for writers today
Innocence and Desire, Corrupted
Nabokov creates his own rules in this satiric novel
A wonderful novel that will stay with you
Suspenseful Fun!
Disappointing, but accomplished all the same
"Few things are sadder than the truly monstrous"
Informative
Start here . . .
A loving photographic tribute
Strange, startling, and original short fiction
A family torn apart
A treat for short story readers!
A quiet novel about baseball and growing up
All Voice
A Housing Tract Called Poverty
A Triumph for Mukherjee
Thirty Years of Goodall Research in Gombe
A fun book for kids interested in chimpanzees
Scientific papers on chimpanzee culture
Reverse look-up for specific words
A fine novel about a transplanted Bengali family
In Dictionary Format
Solid historical timeline
I love this book!
A solid  overview of world religions
Introduction to Major Ideas in Philosophy
Funny at times
Compelling observations
A quiet and graceful tale of a small prairie town
Advanced MLA Style
An essential book for college students
Kundera's Art
A poetic tale of four haunted lives
Wow - engrossing, thoughtful, artfully told
A must-have for students and teachers of literature
Love - both mistaken and real
Not Practical Magic or Turtle Moon, but it has its charms
Man against himself
A cross-genre novel:  literary horror
A riveting, intelligent thriller
Another viral thriller for Preston
The periphery of a civil war
A good legal thriller
A disappointment after a strong debut
Japanese for business people
Intimate, intelligent, and thought-provoking
A memoir sprinkled with short fiction
Well imagined fantasy
Scholarly madness
Navel gazing . . .
A passionate and startling memoir, written with love
Eye-catching title, simple food
A skilled departure for Grimes
A terrific novel!
A Nonfiction Thriller
I thought it would be better
A multi-layered journey
Hilarious plot with a grave undercurrent
One of my favorites!
My gosh, Betty Crocker goes beyond pot roast!
Masterful!
An important voice in literature
A strong, compassionate tale of a Sikh family
The closest you'll ever come to knowing another species
An intriguing literary mystery
Stunning photographs, good text
Fairly good basic vegetarian cookbook
A collection of stories worth reading over and over
Superbly entertaining!
Good for those quick dinners
I love this cookbook!
Vegetarian with Asian and Mediterrean influences
A hefty overview
The perfect budgie book for newbies
Take it everywhere with you!
The BEST all-purpose cookbook
A Travelogue Through the Middle Ages
An unsettling and unforgettable novel
The standard for bread machine recipes
Track this book down if you love baking!
Humorous and irreverent
One of Crichton's Best!
Inspired by MRS. DALLOWAY - but all Cunningham
For nosy romantics . . .
An overview of the region
A masterpiece - one of my all-time favorite novels!
The &quot;provenance&quot; of a great painting
A beautiful pictorial overview of the Mayan culture
Yes, you need a new edition every year!
A moving novel about love and change
Worth every penny!!!!
For writers who have finished a book manuscript
Compelling, thought-provoking study of primate behavior
The must-have book for professionals and college students
The best general purpose dictionary on the market
Exactly what a legal thriller should be!
A follow-up to The Parrot's Lament
Another triumph for Bausch
Great for a budding anime artist
Well-written but heavy-handed
The best story series, year after year
An engrossing, addictive book about species survival
Ambitious and well developed
A delicate character study
An unforgettable journey
Wow!
Reminiscent of Henry James, but with a touch of metafiction
Loving and honest - a remarkable book
An intriguing debut - and an excellent read
Chamoiseau deserves a wider audience!
I can't wait for Isleib's next!
An intimate journey
I adored this!
The title says it all
A book you won't want to put down!
An odd but interesting short novel
A gorgeous book of ancient cultures
Mothers and daughters, well told
Beautifully written, sensitively told
Impressive, insightful, powerful
You won't be disappointed!
A serious, well-written novel
A good, basic book on archaeology
Well-written, enjoyable, quirky!
Insightful and entertaining
Part thriller, part literary novel - a great read!
This novelist wouldn't do without it!
Suspenseful and intelligent - I loved it!
Compelling, heartfelt fiction
I'm Glad I Finally Read This!
A minor work, but still Irving
Disappointing
Literary magic!
Yes, it's simple . . .
The evocative and imagined story behind a painting
A real find. It's worth tracking this one down!
Coming of age with a fresh voice
More ambitious than She's Come Undone - and better too!
Awesome - Anne Tyler at her best!
A first rate thriller!
The lure of the sea in beautiful prose
A novel of environmental issues
A masterful psychological novel
A smart, breezy novel
Not comprehensive, but wise
An intriguing little novel
Tan's best novel yet!
A fine collection by a talented writer
Notes from a published novelist and short story writer
Superb character-driven fiction
Brutal indeed
A shocking expos&eacute; of the black market animal trade
DeMott can't think straight
An insightful, delightful book!
An extraordinary account - even decades later
Not Oates's best, but still a good read
An intelligent, often hilarious, debut novel
A Quiet Gem of a Novel
An honest, beautiful, compelling collection
Another direction for Le Carr&eacute;
A fine debut novel
Despite a strong beginning, this book ultimately fails
A true pleasure to read!
Original, gritty, lively - a must read!
Great comprehensive book on human nature!
A fun look at the oddities of science
I can't recommend this book highly enough!
A well-written biography
Good commercial fiction
A good, solid choice
A good supplement to the real thing
I adored this book!
Hilarious and irreverent - a truly fun read!
Lots of laughs and a little wisdom
The strong stories make this worth the read
Another First Rate Book by Busch!
An Elegant Debut
Brilliant!
Imaginative - But Not Enough
A Novel About Corruption, Moral and Political
Absorbing, complex, so very wise - I couldn't stop!
A Warm, Entertaining Story of Four Latina Friends
A deeply imaginative novel about the poet Salome Urena
You'll Be a Nelson Fan After Reading This Book!
One of Godwin's best!
More Than a Mother/Daughter Story!
Gorgeous photos and good, solid info on primates
Surreal Journey into Modern Japan
A Poetic Account of Six Generations
A Compelling Novel About Political Activists
A Clever Send-Up of American Marketing
A rare find
A good survey of the animal rights movement
A mesmerizing book
A Literary Descent into Near-Madness
A small gem
An evocative novel of south Philadelphia
Bold and humorous - a great read
A magnetic and gorgeously complex novel
A Tour de Force of Narrative Voice and Detail
