Non-fiction.  Very well written story of a fire-bug
An eyebrow raiser!
Written by a firebug
Entertaining and insightful
I am conflicted about  this book
War in the Pacific is not the only theater he wrote about
Yes, he uses real people in his tale!
The Veterans' Revolt of 1946, in Hot Springs, Ark.
A favorite author of thrillers is a movie critic
Betrayal, or collusion?
The truth? Our just another book about Pearl Harbor?
The more things change, the more they stay the same...
The Illuminati rise again to plague the Church
A good adventure thriller set in 1950s Cuba
Evocative
Another great Bob Lee Swagger story
Redneck James Bond
Hunter writes with authority
"Why, man, we are at war!"
Hate speech is okay when the targets are conservatives
A good evaluation of George Bush.  Character DOES matter.
A good look at a fine president
Well inside a minute of angle
The death rate is exceeding the birth rate
I'd LOVE to review this book
You are the jury
Getting even time.  Revenge is sweet.
A new storyteller is among us, and a very good one
'It was a brave man who first ate an oyster.' - Dr. Johnson
'Where there is no vision,  the people will perish.'-Proverb
'Dude. Where's your integrity?'
A great expose of the American 'One Size Fits All' system
Gone, but not forgotten
Defeating depression
A story about the Oregon Trail, circa 1845
Strategy applicable both to martial arts and business
Bias, redux
A companion star causing comets here on earth?
A book by an inside witness to misuse of congressional power
I like this author.  I wish everyone could read her book.
Not many first novels rate 5 stars, but this one does
A personalized history of the Far East
Why do we expect to be loved?
Probably a good assessment of her character...
One of the outstanding,  mysterious figures of old Europe
An experts opinion of Social Security
Americans are in love with their hair
Another great novel by Dan Brown
Hannity has produced another best seller
A Democrat Looks Candidly At the Granola Party
Hannity has produced another best seller
Another great novel by Dan Brown
Such a rich book...
The 2004 edition is out!
Better than the average self-help book
A fascinating mystery
This is probably the book you are seeking
A good self-help book
A n expert's view of  Doctor Newton's books
Well-written, but...
The continuing adventures of Richard Bolitho
A seminal work
Draws on Holy Blood, Holy Grail
Draws heavily on the book Holy Blood, Holy Grail
An excellent source for the layman
One of the best I've read
Bonaparte's retreat
Another great Bolitho story
It may be fiction, BUT...
This may be the best so far
Smugglers' Cove
War With France
Excellent book for the beginner in astrology
Masterfully written biography
Adventures of the Tempest, 36-gun frigate
Mutiny thwarted
A gripping sea story
Action! Action! Action!
Another great sea story by Alexander Kent
Great naval fiction!
Great "Wooden Ships and Iron Men" fiction
An excellent reference
An illuminating study of Christian history and Gnosticism
One of the Nag Hammadi discoveries
An excellent treatise on nature vs. nurture
The link between genetics and sports
Past history
An interesting redux of the history of the Clinton Administr
You'll never read a newspaper uncritically again
Consciousness  research on the cutting edge
An excellent guide on how to publish your own book
So you finally got published!
A remarkable exposition of high-energy physics
A great kids book!
A neat little book for a gift
Thomas Sowell is a clear-thinking genius
&quot;So true it's hardly worth discussing anymore...&quot;
An excellent introduction to the Austrian school
Excellent book of poetry by one of the world's finest poets
I am in agreement with the other reviewers
Israel vs. Islam, from an American Arab's viewpoiny
An apologia for Islam and a condemnation of Israel
The worst president we've ever had
This one has the liberals enraged
Amazing
Hardhitting and expository
I've had a hard time liking Morris...
Conflict on Wall Street
No great epiphanies here
An excellent tale
An evaluation of bias against firearms by the media
An excellent guide to Baja and the Sea of Cortez
I would like to give this book ten stars!
The "Blame America First" Crowd's History--Lord, Save Us!
Well written
An enlightening look at the foibles of the social scientists
A big, fat, lovely book
Give the Devil his due...
Good insight into history
Important insights into motorcycling
Excellent advise by a streetwise biker
"So true it's hardly worth discussing anymore..."
I think it's an excellent book on the subject of motorcycles
Excellent!
Nearly 1,000 beautiful full-color pictures!
Excellent guide to highway dangers
Typical Chilton detail
Nearly 1,000 beautiful full-color pictures!
Well written and informative
It's been a while since I read this one...
Love it or hate it!
Another beautifully presented book on roses
The story of the courage and spirit of the Disabled Ski Team
How to attract hummingbirds to your garden
Beautifully illustrated with full-color photos
For the vegetable gardener
Better to light one candle than curse the darkness
How could it be rated less than 5 stars?
How could it be rated less than 5 stars?
An exceptionally good self-help book
The people who really should read this, probably won't...
Beautifully written
A well-written thriller
Advice from a veteran
An exciting tale of a mega earthquake
One of the best in the apocalyptic genre
Exquisite!
All of the best authors are here
A very good first novel
An astonishing bargain!
A consumate reference
So, you want to know more about roses...
Exquisite!
I like this one
Can you speak to God?  Will He answer?
How to achieve inner peace
A valuable book because of the relationship of the author
Does it make it?  Yes and no.
A lucid explanation of ancient wisdom by a Western writer
A diatribe
Sic Semper Tyrannus -- &quot;Thus Ever to Tyrants.&quot;
A compelling account of the first major sea battle of WWII
An excellent story!
A delicious recipe book; the entree is financial planning
This is a fine treatise on fences
Exciting and beautifully written
A scholarly approach to books of the dead
A beautiful coffee table book!
Great stories!
Challenges the existing paradigm
An excellent dissertation on cosmology and philosophy
Made a lasting impression
Great writing from a country gentleman
A charming book about a pet pig
Interesting, but hard to identify with characters
A children's story intended to inspire adults
This is just a great story.  I loved it!
A science fiction thriller - not bad, if that's your bag!
A collection of short stories based on Louis' life
The British family Cazalet in the midst of WWII
An atypical L'Amour story
This is a typical L'Amour Western--Great!
Not typical Louis L'Amour
An engaging thriller
A British family during the Blitz
Introduction to an English family
A refreshing perspective!
An excellent guidebook for new handgun owners
A story with an agenda
An exciting sea-going adventure
A good book for newcomers to using firearms for self-defense
An exciting sea-going adventure
Commodore Aubrey takes on the slave trade
A story of adventure and friendship for young readers
Aubrey chases a privateer through the South Seas
An excellent history of Washburn fine stringed instruments
Another gripping narrative by Patrick O'Brian
Another inspirational novel in the Mitford series
Meet the people in the ideal American village
The second edition is pretty much the same
A journalist addresses the subtleties of genetics and sports
This is the book!
This novel will grab your attention
This is a great little book.
Another charming story of  Mitford, but--out of sequence
An absorbing, fascinating depiction of the radical left
An excellent speculation on the Aquatic Ape Theory
I loved this book
An informative little volume
An excellent fantasy/science fiction tale
This book is an anomaly--and yet, completely enthralling!
An exposition of a keen mind
An excellent love story
An excellent fantasy
A classic that examines the soul of the warrior
I'd like to give it ten stars! Grisham has outdone himself.
This mystery will keep you up 'til you finish it!
An astonishing effort
A scathing indictment of the Clinton-Reno Justice Department
Autobiography of an animal lover
A Good, well-paced murder mystery
A suspenseful well-paced novel
A sensitive, emotion-driven tale by an excellent writer.
Describes the Great Depression era with accuracy
A neat little book!
A classic in sociobiology
Interesting
A most impressive, imaginative story
An absolutely beautiful effort
An &quot;A&quot; for effort!
An excellent exposition of the Aquatic Ape Theory
Extravagant, entertaining and imaginative
A story that stays with you, gentle on your mind, for years
Griffin is describing the real Marine Corps
Men sometimes like to cook, too
Basic home health suggestions for the layman
Three great stories, in one!
This one will hold you!
A seminal work of great importance
No one does comedy like the Brits!
A thoughtful look at our early beginnings
An unforgettable book, for those of us who remember
A trult memorable reading experience
An indispensable book of historic significance
A well-written, highly imaginative tale.
A definitive, scholarly work by a top scientist
A classic in its genre
A thoughtful, if bleak, look at the future
An extraordinary book!
A good story from one of our better mystery writers
An excellent instruction book on self-publishing
A fine story by a skilled writer
A good effort, but fatally flawed
Clancy is a master storyteller
Gary Ibsen has done it again!
This is a funny book
This book is an experience
A thought provoking book
A wonderful example of a Norse Saga
A wonderful example of a Norse Saga
This is a book you should read
This is the definitive guide
Henry has done it with this book!
So, you finally got published!
A wonderful book for a gift
An excellent biography, replete with many photos
A valuable book because of the relationship of the author
As autobiographies go, this is a good one
An exhaustive analysis
You needn't be a guitar maker to value this book.
This is a good instrcution book
This is a fine instruction book on guitar repair
I am a Buckley fan
I am a Buckley fan
Howard Pease's books changed my life
This book is a classic
A story with an agenda
Written for the layman. Very educational!
Alan Watts was enlightened!
A most unusual novel
A venture into a Utopian dreamworld
A very clear explanation of physics for the layman
A suspenseful yarn by the master of square-riggers
An Aubrey/Maturin Baltic adventure
This is an excellent guide for authors and publishers
Last in the series
The third in the Camulod Chronicles series
Another great story by Jack Whyte
The last of a three book series
The definitive textbook on geriatrics nursing
This is the book about "The greatest battle implement ever."
A historical look at entheogens and their use in religion
This is THE book about the Luger pistol
A truly beautiful book!
A good book about a great shotgun
Another winner from R.L. Wilson
This book is another that needs to be re-published
A sword is returned to a vanquished warrior
Well, maybe it's just as well...
Yes, this book is outdated...
The people of St. Johns would be surprised...
A hard look at race relations in the United States
Not an essential, but a very desirable book
Cahill gives us a look from many perspectives
Not essential to navigation, but most desirable
A tour de force of the art of fine lettering
A beautiful book
This book would be cheap at twice the price!
A son's journal of his father's madness
An intimate view of China during and after WWII
The Beauty of Ephemera
I don't get it!
A great yarn.  Well researched and believable.
I found Dr. Singer very persuasive
One must suspend their disbelief when they read this
An introduction to common sense
Part of the epic tale, the Mahabharata
Three of the Buddha's greatest sermons
A man in search of himself...
A very thought provoking book!
I have an antipathy for Woodward
This is a fine book, written by an expert
The only historian contemporary with New Testament events
This is a great little book
Not what I expected
An indispensible book for a student of party politics
Rush Limbaugh &quot;Tells it like it is.&quot;
Dr. Sowell is a top-notch scholar, and this is a great book!
This seminal study dissolves the myths
An exposition of the Advaita Vedanta by an Indian scholar
A book everyone should read
A different Steinbeck
Cannery Row was once a real place
Hemingway's swan song
Salem, Oregon, is clearly the home of great writers.
Close, but no cigar!
A collection of vignettes
Outrageously funny!
This book was a disappointment
A remarkable exposition of high-energy physics
The Perils of Pauline
Richard Alpert (Ram Dass) is a &quot;Finder.&quot;
A classic in its genre; a definitive book
My name is Gershon Loran
I've read them all, and I love them!
This book may, or perhaps will not startle you...
A thoughtful, well-written, well-researched blockbuster!
Enchanting!
Alan Watts was enlightened!
This book is a classic
Written for the layman.  Very educational!
Deepak Chopra's thoughts are worth studying...
Joe Bfplspk, in Li'l Abner, had nothing on this hero...
The included etymology is interesting...
It's about time a book like this was written...
A remarkable autobiography by a pioneer lady
I have just read of Patrick O'Brian's recent death...
A very scholarly, interesting work
This is not your ordinary novel!
A great tale by a remarkable man
A great tale by a remarkable man
This is the book that proves them right!
Exciting conclusions, good writing, difficult to follow.
This is a blockbuster of a book, which will anger liberals.
My sister is correct, I did not write this book.
This is a &quot;once in a decade&quot; book
A good World War II yarn about twin brother fighter pilots.
