Excellent except for plotting
Boring but ...
Shades of Pelevin, Calvino, Borges ...
Academic papers on Black music
Excellent final third but ...
a good enough book, a good enough daughter
Good introduction but flawed
Excellent novel and translation
Experimental fiction that works
Repackaged evangelical Christian
reality fiction at its best
a fun read due cult status
fun but unimpressive
So many reviews it seems meaningless to add to them
So close and yet so far
Solid introduction to contemporary hymn writers
Useful in proposing a particular view
May not get you singing but ...
Disappointing but powerful
Tantalizing
Disappointing to say the least
Enlightening personal tale
Vinaigrettes - classical and not so classical
A good read
Well yes but ...
Not easy but rewarding
A variety of styles and topics
Ignore the book's subtitle
Fahrenheit 451, Animal Farm, 1984, Resistance
Well crafted rather than brilliant
Mediocre and predictable
Quiet, subtle, effective
Nice solid &quot;textbook&quot;
A good introduction
A solid &quot;textbook&quot;
100th anniversary of Borges' birth
A typical introduction with a difference
Very useful (and mundane)
Surprisingly weak for Merton
Enjoy the language and the weave ... not the plot
The work of the Church - the Divine Office
Certainly weaker than some previous work
Good not great
Based on solid principles
A book I wanted to like but . . .
Thought provoking, engaging etc...
Poetry that works in English
Another view of King Herod
Thought provoking
A bit disappointing
Introduction to reading Scripture - theological and practica
A second excellent collection
A hesitant ecumenical move
An adequate introductory volume
Biblical introduction to Mass for study groups
Universal, religious, political and excellent
Part apologetics, Part theology
An anthology that serves a purpose but . . .
Useful with diliberate bias
Twelve great voices reduced to one
Distilled life experience
Alienation and meaning
humorous surrealism with a touch of social criticism
Thought-provoking
Pleasant little nothings
Marvelously inventive, well written
Honest, informative tale of one individual
Insightful, poetic view of pain, death and graciousness
Funny, sad - politics, family - open, hidden
dark, controlled, brilliant
Biography that reads as a well-written novel
Exquisite - excellent and broad taste in quotations
Disappointing but ...
Music, story and mystic
Not memorable but perceptive
Fulfilling expectations set by In the Palm of Darkness
a memoir - language and marginality
A book you'll love or hate
a delightful, well-written triffle worth your time
insightful view of rural community life
good prose, good characterization, contrived plot
Poetic, dream-like with a brutal message
Interesting, informative, frustrating
An apology geared towards converts
Simply presented, clear and insightful religious history
An antidote for St. Patrick-itis
A different view of Japanese poetry
Subtitle: new & selected poems
A well-plotted thriller through the mind of a survivor
Useful, introductory, conservative
Enjoyable but for what audience?
A fascinating experiment and interesting poetry
A hestitant five stars for an excellent poet
Poetry written from a theological perspective -- it works
Poetry that works, that explores things of importance
excellent book to meet a niche need
Excellent but perhaps not practical so adapt
I wanted to love this collection but ...
Interesting variety of styles
Latin compline
Excellent collection of tales - many uncommon
Astounding, perceptive
a scathing study of power
Excellent succinct resource
Excellent study of the elusive, illusional in life
A beautiful book but for what need?
A volume filling a distinct need
Very readable
Metrical versions of the Psalms
Preparation for the parents
a weaker entry in the series
and what is human nature? the wild? the cultured?
Kadare with flaws is still among the best
A very mixed response
Simple, realistic language - metaphysical result
Kim chee Japanese style and other treasures
a cultic favorite ... I hope not
AKA In the Palm of Darkness
Training for parents
Another useful entry in the series
best of class
A delightful, humorous well-crafted novel
Beautiful cover; some good stories; some dated stories
Well written escapist literature
Some very useful information
Even A. B. Lord must be laughing in his grave
How to see the world
Imperfect but auspicious first novel
Clearly a minority view but ...
Deceptively simple, very useful
Clearly a minority view but ...
Inspired, breathless, imaginative, inventive, superb
A very tentative rating - Kincaid had me in her hands
The lies behind the lies behind the life
Accessible digest version of important text
A must have Christian Gnostic text
Interesting for liturgical history or devotions
Interesting metaphysical exploration of identity
excellent concept executed with a heavy hand
Little amusements, little more
Introduction to the apocryphal literature
Interesting exploration of identity
generally disappointing and in need of an editor
Foreigness explored
250+ reviewers aren't wrong
To review or not to review or perhaps
Not bad for a kid's version of history
a delightful, fanciful journey
Excellent picture book version of Ukrainian tale
a warm and familar poem with whimsical drawings
A delightful Burmese animal tale
delightful, illustrated animal tale from Borneo
Delightful story, delightful pictures
delightful Cambodian tale
Animal tale from the Hmong people
Exquisite multi-layered novel
Exquisite multi-layered novel
a  competent book of poetry
a  competent book of poetry
a reluctant 5 but if you don't read Hoffman ...
useful to some
Beloved story
Read book description above.  It's the best of the book
Great service but flawed introduction
Not Hesiod but well worth your time
Imperfect but memorable
The Bible ... starting with The Bride of Frankenstein
Internet, Talmud, history, change ...
Need to relax?  Put yourself in heaven!
Versatile, practical, every-day recipes
For those who absolutely must have a recipe
&quot;Lumininous fragments of the avant-garde&quot; ??
&quot;Lumininous fragments of the avant-garde&quot; ??
Not haiku ... acute visual perception translated into verse
True crime story by true author but ...
Realistic, low-key, authentic, moving
Great fun trying to be deep
A curious mixture ... oddly appropriate
Interesting interfaith exercise
Wonderful use of langauge
Profound and touching
A major disappointment ... the usual high quality Pelevin
Disappointing
Solid biblical reference
Gently funny and informative
Imperfect, misunderstood but exquisite reading
Imperfect, misunderstood but exquisite reading
excellent - thought provoking - inventive
experimental biography that works - almost
thought provoking - the beginning of a dialogue
A piece of American history brought to life
Another low-key success
Fascinating structure, well written but does one care?
Imaginative, disturbing, disorienting ... and uneven
Almost as interesting as a blank book but ...
Excellent content and exploration of &quot;new&quot; essay form
Sad, humorous, poetic, excellent
Interesting juxtapositions - some successes, some failures
Excellent introduction
Feminine spiritual writings - primarily prayers
Good prayers but not a good balance
Beautifully published average book of Celtic hagiography
Absoloutely glorious poetry
Innovative form
Educational, provocative ...
Interesting introduction - repeat introduction
A gem of a book - Kauffman has mastered her craft and talent
Solid introduction to lay presiding in the Catholic liturgy
great translator, great anthology editor but ...
Evocative, minimalist poetry
The Anglo-Saxon prayers alone justify this book
a rare view of situational poetry
Useful, complete introductions
Boring - and highly recommended
Delightful short history of the Angelus
Interesting take on spiritual journey and haiku
Reliving the past ... to open for recovery
Beautiful failure
Interesting exploration of emotional landscape
A bit of fun, a bit of memory lane, a bit of outrageousness
A curious, and curiously enjoyable, book
Not just for children
food for the eye ... an inspiration
a fable to keep you laughing
A book for language lovers
Not traditional Prayers of the Hours
5 stars for some poems, 4 for others, some 3's, perhaps a 2
an excellent collection well translated
Excellent starting point for praying the psalms
diversity in a common(?) form
Curious, slightly provocative, pessimistic ...
read twice then judge the quality
Interesting take on the relationship between art and viewer
Last substantial work? In content not size
Better than a seed catalogue
Promises more than it delivers - but has strengths
Stretching the term salad
How to characterize oneself while dying - superfluous
Jonathan Swift Japanese style?  Not quite but ...
One of the better studies of contemporary monasticism
Excellent for family use
Subtitle leads to false expectations - good in its own right
Reason for enjoyment depends on reader's background
Perhaps not for 1,000 years but certain fun and excellent
Another impressive book of poetry
History placing the Celtic/Roman rite dispute in context
fascinating, didactic, curious
A mixed bag of short prose
Fascinating use of detail
Interesting insights to two cultures
A curious mix of pieces best considered as a sampler
Excellent depiction of people - in their complexity.
Amusing  and inconsistent
Curiouser and curiouser
a &quot;memoir&quot; of retirement in the Napa Valley
Excellent coming of age story
Art and poetry as art should be published
Suspense and witchcraft that deserves multiple readings
Fascinating exploration of passion
Early feminist literature - memorable
Better than 55 words or less, better than micro fiction ...
Absolutely amazing study of the nature of life and death
More personal (individual) less universal
It pays to be talented and famous
Significantly better than its predecessor - genre's grown up
Thanks to PBS for introducing Joy Harjo
Truthful and technically excellent
Poet as truth-teller
Excellent study of freedom and constraints
An excellent book
Splendid introduction to liturgical art
A strangely quiet study of the effects of war
Absolutely stunning mastery of her art
An amusing evening's read
First poetry book of Edna St. Vincent Millay
Zen poetry as a beatnik would want it translated
Mythic, lyric tribute to Mapplethorpe
Fascinating insight into a beat icon
Wonderful understanding of spiritual/artistic/physical life
A realistic look at life through the absurd
Writings of an icon - era bound but still interesting
As uneven as any anthology
Good introduction - mixed collection
Excellent Lenten meditations
disappointing but worth your time
Require for music directors and liturgy commissions
Useful observations
Useful, practical guide
Require for liturgical ministers and RCIA leaders
Five plus and more stars you have
Sacrament of Reconciliation - past and future
Beckett being pessimistic Beckett at his best
Superb, post-modern, philosophic and very readable
Superb, post-modern, philosophic and very readable
Vintage Carroll enhanced by Frost's art and Gardner's notes
Beckett Short No. 11 - Stirrings Still and What Is the Word
Very curious ... do I or don't I like them?
Marvelous variety of stories - well written, well plotted
Useful
An interesting collection of haiku
Enjoyable
Not good, not bad, depends on what else you've read
One of the best Advent books
Useful craft suggestions
A superb reference
Title as bit of a misnomer
Useful, not great, in need of updating
A gem in need of revision
Beautiful book - incomplete
Companion to Song of the Kisaeng
The premier reference book for poetic forms
A good introduction to rhetoric
The primary reference for stress &amp; meter in English poetry
The premier book on poetic forms
An excellent second reference book
Wonderful stories of human nature
A 14th Century Bible - in 300 reproductions
Inventive, intriquing, ambiguous reading
Easy to read study of an illuminated manuscript
Marvelous illustrations carefully explained
The ultimate book of animal tales
Sit down and let the farm boy reminisce
My response to the title: Why?
Best of class - superb
Multicultural baby development  rhymes and games
Interesting, provocative and flawed
A mixed bag well organized
Again you can trust Bierhorst
A Mother Goose worth knowing
My favorite but only because I grew up with it
Logic outside the box - made fun
Good concept - poor implementation
Logic outside the box - pure fun
Fascinating, disturbing, thought provoking
The essential fish cookbook
Should have been excellent but ...
Good introduction to the art of Hindu deities
Not just another small art gift book
The official text - four volumes total
Trusting the story
As much a gift book as garden/kitchen book
A good simplification of the Liturgy of the Hours
The subtitle &quot;A commonsense guide&quot; says it all
Trusting the power of story
An attempt that fails
An intermediate Liturgy of the Hours
Part photo essay, part travelogue, part cookbook, all rice
Christian exercises in Eastern Form
The Photographs are the book
Nicknamed &quot;how to make a salad in 4 months&quot;
Ever wonder what your eating?
I still thank my mother for this one
&quot;Stories&quot; of the Master
Stories with a purpose that is trusted
Very mixed feelings
A gift book of sorts - missing in breadth
An essential gem
Ethiopian illuminations and nativity story
Enjoyment and good cause in one package
Excellent introduction to poetry of Hughes
An amusing parody with uninspired art
One of the best parodies of Twelve Days of Christmas
Superb confidence in the power of the word and story
Practical participant and planner pamphlet
I kept looking for a reason this was published
Excellent selection and translation
For anyone with an interest in translations
Advent preparation tied to the official liturgies of the day
Excellent lectionary resource
Good teaching version of Way of the Cross
Version used by John Paul II in 1988
Excellent communal version of the Way of the Cross
Satisfactory for some children
Excellent Lenten preparation to use year after year
Solid special purpose Way of the Cross
Modern stations with a traditional feel - excellent
Traditional content - production poor
Psalms as drama for drama's sake not Psalm's sake
Small gift art book
Rosary in a petitionary form
A pedestrian, mundane, mediocre version
Small gift art book
Dramatic monologue based Way of the Cross
An excellent concept, worth trying and/or adapting
Ritual blessings of use to laity as well as ordained
Beautiful marriage of art and scripture
One nice alternative Rosary
If its official it's 5 stars ... in this case not useful but
Interesting marriage of Passion to Rosary
1991 Pope John Paul II Way of the Cross
Nice individual meditative version
Nice contemporary version
A command of language to die for
A pure earthy pleasure
Basic text for RCIA leaders
Don't kill the messenger - appreciate the book
An intermediate ritual book for lay ministers
The absolute basics
Useful Resource for Adoration and Benediction
Basic introductory collection of ballads in English
Spanish Haggadah around 1320
H.D. being H.D.
Devotional art
Medieval Illuminations at there best
An essential reference
Interesting and disappointing
The psychology and aesthetics of feline art
A co-reading of Mass and the Revelation of St. John
Delicious recipes for a simple life
Essential reference for folk musicians
Another excellent Rumi - version by Barks
Great poetry greatly parodied
Practical soup from a practical monk
Entertaining
Meal Blessings not just table prayers
Study and testimonies of people who dance with cats
Beautiful coffee-table book
An interpretation of Rumi's poetry by a fine interpreter
Solid Sufi (ecstatic religious) poetry
A way to engage people in Bible studies
A very approachable Psalter
A beautiful and approachable Canticles
Interesting insight into life in Morocco
Excellent Tamil epic in translation
Van Buitenen died before finishing - what a shame
Retelling of a Persian/Sufi tale
A lovely Christmas tale
An original tale with Persian undertones
The universal is in the details
More short stories by a master of ambiguity
Also published under the title &quot;Positions&quot;
Interesting attempt - excellent illustrations
The universal is in the details
Can I interest you in the original?
The universal is in the details
Excellent imperfect resource for Western literary fairy tale
What is the scent of blue?
Another take on esoteric knowledge
Delightful cd renderings as well
Excellent study of guilt and consequents
Very dark and excellent
An amusing trifle
First work of Tabucchi to be translated into English
Solid source for Sufi teaching tales
Delightful fun
One way to quiet one's ghosts
Who is the dead young man?
Good solid poetry
This book hooked me on Tabucchi
Tabucchi again shows considerable skill
adequate but ...
Good solid basic dictionary
&quot;Folk art&quot; toys from home
Fun witty translation
Join the language of the week club
Superb boook on folk toys
Not Mann's best but still excellent
Adequate but
More than a how to on musical saws
An essential Sanskrit reference
Critical reference - excellent
An indespensable reference work
Zorastrian (Parsi) sacred scripture in the original language
A great book (for the unconventional)
Indispensible reference
Classic initial Sanskrit grammar
Absolutely the best (and only) BHS reference
Interesting but not impressive - bilingual
Excellent poetry
Excellent lectionary resource
Excellent lectionary resource
Excellent lectionary resource
Excellent lectionary resource
Excellent lectionary resource
Excellent lectionary resource
Excellent lectionary resource
Excellent lectionary resource
Use of language is extraordinary but ...
Imaginative, well written, varied, fun
Worth the price for the introduction alone
Response to review by idem
Absolutely stunning
Freedom, slavery, guilt, innocence
Excellent and disturbing
Well written but ...
French postwar poetry bilingual edition
Interesting insights into Paul Bowles life
Another early solid volume
Second volume of collected poems
photographs with no commentary - primarily Mexican
Solid early poetry
Surprised this little gem isn't better known
Excellent source of drawings of Celtic Crosses
Pure delight - early Chekhov as enjoyable as later
Grand adventure fun
Fascinating magical realism
So much promise ...
Watson's poorest effort but still worth a fun read
Fun, delightful fun ... nothing more
Quality suspense fiction - for fun
Another variation on liturgy of the hours - for groups
Nearly excellent but a miss
Some excellent all competent
Intriguing, thought-provoking, unique
Feminist farm stories - finally reissued
Finally a Moacyr Scliar that isn't too short
My candidate for the Nobel Prize but he died
Winner of the $2,500 National Novella Award
Well produced genuine Caribbean folk tales
So close - so far
First there's the cover, then the title - I had to read it.
My candidate for the Nobel Prize but he died
Am I qualified to review this?
Failure at the pig ranch ... made very enjoyable
If you like earthy grimy narrative poetry
Dense, difficult but rewarding
Contemporary American poetry at its best
Contemporary existential myth
Quality in a low key
Far better than Pokemon and Digimon
A qualified recommendation
Patience pays off
Biographical, mythical and realistic short tales
Chinese/Japanese Zen poetry at its best
Life after momos is the search for the perfect momo
Dark and disturbing - with a bit of joy and music
New age psuedo-wisdom - not for me
Valuable and interesting - as literary history
Nightmares between the covers
A fun read nothing more ... but what a fun read
Is there life after Triple Ginger Biscotti?
Highly disturbing - unforgetable - not for weak stomachs
An interesting reading - no great but unusual
Reread classic
Interesting exploration but...
Building her own net
Perhaps even worthy of &quot;wise&quot;
Great thoughtful fun
A miss by a master
You don't want to read this book - so do
Well crafted - unusual plot
Solid not brilliant
A true master - stupendous etc. etc.
Just the right amount of scary
Emotionally honest &quot;realistic&quot; fantasy
A book worth reading but it misses its mark
An enjoyable study on living
Enjoyable, multilingual translation
A reevaluation of how we think about time
Excellent introduction leaving one wanting more
Brillant translation - brillant poetry
Interesting exercise of Biblical imagination
Interesting exercise of Biblical imagination
Unimpressive
An excellent resource
Some one needed to do it
Solid poetry
The writing is interesting but the plot ...
Solid poetry
Postmodern American Gothic
Interesting but not perfect
Interesting and difficult but good
Delightfully crisp prose
Bhakti poetry with a touch on tantra
Academic poetry
Southwest folk nativity scenes
Joanna Cole succeeds again
Visual structure in novel form
Great fun
Useful, thoughtful study guide
Difficult and rewarding
Excellent survey of cathedral and monastic prayer
A major writer (in my opinion)
Jataka tale rewritten for children
Prayer practices firmly in the Jesuit tradition
A lesson in modesty
Life, rivers and a philosopher
Young author worth following
Taut writing - a story of infidelity
A good pre-Advent book
Marvelous Parable
Enjoyable and forgetable
Chilean Indian poetry
Difficult, distressing and interesting.
Confrontation with death with drunken sex
Holy Fools tales in bilingual edition
Holy fool stories
Another masterpiece from Antonio Tabucchi
Classic Rumi in excellent translation
Appropriate for small prayer groups but
One I grew up with - and still love
Book highly audience dependent
Interesting but uneven
Interesting failure
Good but don't give up Tagore's Gitanjali
Perceptive and interesting
Excellent Hispanic American poetry
Religious story telling in the Christian tradition
religious storytelling and great fools' tales
Biblical stories and art from a new perspective
Joy Harjo  perfect words to Stephen Strom's photos
A wonderful exercise - in reading attentively
A wise man indeed
How I taught my Mother to bake bread
Ambivalent recommendation
Art and Artist well served
Another author to watch
Approachable scholarship
Another dark gem
An easily read study of a broad range of celebrations
Worth the price for the title piece alone
I started a stampede to the bookstore
Provocative, informative and enjoyable
Essential reference of women in the church
Good basic introduction to liturgical action
Interesting, unusual and well done
The start of a love affair with the writings of Lee Smith
Bring this gem back into print
Great for reading or telling
Not all estactic poetry is Sufi
A classic for children - Raven the Trickster
Excellent Sri Lankan additive tale
Egyptian poetry in dual-language format!
Love between Orca and Osprey
Raven the hero
A good choice among few options
Ignore the catalogue's age level advice
Counterbalance to Pandora's box
a truly Universal Church work
Experience poetry
More promise than delivery - but still worth owning
Add this to your favorites list - absolutely incredible writ
Interesting story in human self-deception
A gem of an introduction to classical poetry from India
A stunning  poem/prose book
To survive - as a Jewish child in Poland - as an immigrant
Another international poetry gem
Well worth the reading
Another jewel - can one expect less from Annie Ernaux?
Jesus from Italy to Texas
A somewhat loose translation that works.
Finally an easy way to get a &quot;complete&quot; Bible
The CANON on liturgical theology
Extra points for readability
Very successful interweaving of two stories
Excellent introduction to narrative theology
Excellent for some but ...
Readable theology with humor - that's literary too
an honest(?)look at impending death
Interesting gem with complex characters
Intrigue is intrigue is ... satisfying entertainment
Who let Michel Rio go out of print?
Hard contemporary urban poetry in a traditional vein.
A world poetry gem
A good read but ... not everything one reads is &quot;meaningful&quot;
Fun read but
Interesting politically aware mystery
a gem built in tiny increments
What?  I didn't recommend this book earlier?
Well worth not bothering with
Can I convince you to at least dip into true source material
Worth reading once but ...
Beauty of language - clarity of thought
I've been manipulated again by a superb storyteller
A study in reality
Meditation on freedom and community
Exquisite handling of multiple points of view - must read
A good thought-provoking laugh
Poetry from Sanskrit and related Prakrits
Terrible book - it's far too SHORT
What? No one has reviewed this delightful book?
Poetry and a museum piece of the 70's
Japanese Zen poetry with little haiku!
Neither Sufi nor Christian - marginally poetry
Excellent broad anthology of Chinese Chan (Zen) poetry
Good but . . .
Revenge and Justice
Life, death, quest ...
A gem even in translation
Enjoyable but ...
History of women in communal or solitary religious life
Moral crisis of the 20th century
Excellent but cautious spectulation on Jesus' upbringing
Sufi poetry for &quot;common folk&quot; - a must read
&quot;Folk tales&quot; revisited
Cross-cultural understanding
Good introduction to teaching story and poetry
Womanist scholarship for non-womanists
Good but not her best
Absolutely stunning
Superb suspense - classy &quot;private eye&quot;
Superb introduction to Tamil poetry
Study in preconceptions
