A well-written novel with a heavy-handed "lesson"
Essential reading for the Wimsey fan
The game is afoot! (sort of)
[Insert name of new Pope here]
Tom Brown's Navy Days
"Quickie" biography, but a decent and respectful "quickie"
Take the info- and leave the -mercial.
Much better ... for what it is
A different corner of Sparky's mind
More interesting for theory than for its predictive value
If not a perfect novel, certainly a fascinating work
I've read Alan Flusser...
A very affirming guide to getting the most out of your books
A pretty comprehensive look at an undersung service.
A moving memorial, though an imperfect book
Perhaps still a decent, if very basic, introduction
Allen shows again why he's so respected
Maybe of some use as a period piece?
Given the lack of anything more current...
Can't tell the players without a program
A return to form, and more
History is biography
A well-chosen and evocative collection
A worthy object for Hitchens' distinctive style
This is all Wilson's fault
The standard
Wonderful overview of a multi-faceted intellect
Fine survey of an unjustly forgotten man and his times
Great example of how the historian's work should be done
The one of these books most worth keeping.
Still may be worth a skim
There are much better ways to get the same information
Outdated, yet still worth reading
Essence of K-L
Like a Vatican-American translating dictionary
An interesting look back, but less useful looking ahead
An interesting look back, but less useful looking ahead
An interesting look back, but less useful looking ahead
Not a perfect novel, but one that has stuck with me
Now is the time...
A whirlwind, and now perhaps quite timely, survey
A perspective sure to touch off debates (and worth it!)
If The New York Times hates it, it must be good
Okay, I'll say it...
"Truth alone offends"
Amid the tough reading, some K-L gems
The smallest and least of our presidents
This is the PJ we remember
You are, Bill! You are!
And now...
Spicy but not especially nutritious
Sometimes one joke is enough
Entertaining trip with a well-informed guide
Time for sentiment to catch up with the facts.
Surprisingly thin story on which to base a classic
The hows and whys of the Corps' officer training
Comprehensive survey of a cul-de-sac of literature
A very British executive
Stately, strifeborn Alma Mater
What Bob Greene did on his summer vacation
Throw another sacred cow on the barbecue
Finally ... 46 years ago!
A decent start for learning about the USCGA
Age-appropriate introduction to a school that can use it
Dated now, but still with something to offer
A great story that works on many levels
Excellent visual presentation, excellent narrative
A nice historical souvenir
"Willing and eager partners in ... the sacrifice of China"
Both more and less than the movie
Like a class reunion in print
A beautiful tour of classic design
A guided tour by someone who knows and loves VMI
Fine photos plus good explanations equal happy thoughts
Superlative combination of images and text
They took the "Non Verba" part too seriously
Three weeks isn't enough!
Vivid flashbacks to the not-so-distant past
The perspective, more than the facts, sets this apart
The yawn of conventional wisdom
It's too bad (almost?) no one will pay attention
March of the Mercantilists
A very different kind of royal biography
Deceptively simple idea, but really, really funny
Excellent performance of a mixed bag of stories
A "Bush at War" for Bushies
Impressive job by a talented photographer
A quick way to get up to speed
The root of the problem
A book that maybe still needs to be written
The book ... the legend ... the way of life
Rescued from the shadows, if only for a moment
Spot the trends across the generations
Interesting attempt that doesn't quite gel
Decent summary, but nothing special
I missed Tres ... and kinda still do.
Non, je ne regrette rien
Engaging history with a strong sense of place
All about the dead presidents!
Great history, great storytelling
Not one for the ages
What the heck's an &quot;edge city&quot;?
Fair and balanced (if you'll pardon the expression) and fun
1776 and all that
1776 and all that
"Enquirerized" history falls flat
Where civilization falls apart
Less personality, more history, make for an excellent book
Wonderful, evocative writing in a layout of mixed quality
This is still the standard ... justly
Snapshot of a critical month
Interesting intersection of linguistics and life sciences
Let's all do the Clinton Four-Step!
Not a coffee table book, maybe, but great for fans
Intro to British politics for Americans
Entertaining little guide, probably best for young adults
Important first-person report from a forgotten battlefield
Exciting story of forgotten battles
Entertaining history in the classic style
Okay, so I was wrong
Duranty's children
A sober analysis that deserves to be read
A lot of value in a small volume
Beautiful, informative book for research or souvenir
Timeless idylls
There's always something fishy about the French
A penny nail in the coffin
Rome wasn't burnt in a day
For serious chocophiles more than casual bakers
Numinousity reflected
Nemesis looming
Resurgam
Get your kicks on Route ... 99?
Beyond bulls and bears
Don't do it, kid!
Not so much "folly" as "malicious idiocy"
A chase any Churchill fan should enjoy
Parallel lives, winning presentation
Probably ought to be the standard
Too many books to have spent time with this one
Wonderful meditations on the place and value of books
A surprise, but a worthwhile one
The fall and rise of Invisible Seattle
A &quot;big tent&quot; in the best and most positive of ways
Handy intro for renovators or fans
Intellectually clever, but an unsatisfying biography
Inspiring story of what happened after the bombs fell
Fine guide to an all-too-rare element of men's style
A must for the Churchill admirer, student, or skeptic
The stories that made Seattle
Good history, good insider stuff, good book
Sehr gut!
Say no more!
The menace of the herd
First-hand reports from a neglected corner of the peace
Primary documents for a critical year
Could have been much more evocative
An engrossing, enticing snapshot
... and even if you don't.
Meditations
An enticing armchair tour
If only...
A pretty gripping adventure for younger readers
The people behind the commodity
Great celebration of history, personality, and lore
Much more than just recipes
Mike Nelson's greatest hit
The art of small forms
Culture war
Excellent, insightful, look at the dawn of the modern world
Bouton pitches a great one
Another K-L title to return to again and again
A very useful utilitarian guide
A great reference for the man who truly cares
"Willing and eager partners in ... the sacrifice of China"
Death of a thousand cuts
Fascinating lens through which to view USMA history
A decent collection from inside and outside the USMA
Absolutely impressive!
More than just another &quot;leadership&quot; book
The case Bush should have made
She knows what's at stake
Still many important lessons
A little period interest, but not exceptional
Reinforcing biases through cartoon and clich&eacute;
Interesting example of its genre
An inspiration and a teaching tool
Very successful at what it sets out to be
Behind the pretty pictures, a manifesto
Useful reference, if one in need of updating
A depressing but educational story of institutional CYA
Very good on the facts, if short on analysis
Good story, but with a long, slow middle
A (subtly) different kind of Reeman novel
Don't stop reading. Don't relax.
Grim, inexorable, heroic, glorious.
Fascinating, colorful, and (I'm sure) delicious
Another brick...
Timely reminder of our imperial past ... and present
Eat like a Southerner (if you're into that sort of thing)!
Makes you proud(er) to be a Southerner
Wow.
I'm a citizen!
The classic guide
Beautiful guide to America's most interesting house
Entertaining, dogmatic (ha), and moderately useful
Just like the original ... and less!
Slumming on Park Avenue
Good first half of a biography
Feel comfortable in your own skin
The garden at the center of the universe
Seattle and how it got that way
A timeless guide to timeless style
Not just for old times's sake
"My life must be militant to its close."
Very important read for leaders and citizens alike
Still many important lessons
Now more than ever...
Celebrating the (lunch-) counter culture
Spoiling a good story
The Marines' greatest weapon are the Marines themselves
Way, way inside
Nostalgia without irony
One of the classics
&quot;Get on a train!&quot;
A useful, and highly personal, reference
More research and editing would have helped.
A surprisingly big book
A comprehensive, clear-eyed, and lyrical biography
Not a cookbook, nor really a science text
The joyous non-libertarian?
Surprising psychological tension, same great story-telling
Thorough look at a vital though under-appreciated service
Great capsule summary of a remarkable life
Hadley was right.
Great contribution to political (and anti-political) theory
One more thing to fix
Implausible, complex, clich&eacute;d ... but other than that, okay
The world needs more &quot;Dartmouth Reviews&quot;
Essential primary sources
Only confirmed by later writers
A season of gargoyles and stunted trolls
Competent mystery, very good atmospherics
Leadership secrets of a mid-level party functionary
Inspiring life story, educational political story
Caveat (and then some) Lector!
The War of the Ways
A decent guide to information I'll probably never use
Historian as politician and vice versa
Road trip!
OK for the general fan, but not much for the historian
Vintage Will
Still one of the best books about Bush-41
A very handy guide
A remarkably ecumenical Bible
Perfect for the season, perfect for the off-season
Strangely un-memorable
Good, if out of date, intro to Air Force One
My heroes!
Well researched and balanced look at the topic
Old-style biography of a very under-rated President.
Why the Soviet Union still matters
Disjointed and Polemical
Good art, but the title's a bit misleading
Civics 101
Insider views from an important era
Really, really disappointing
In the heat of the moment
Diagnosis, but no prescription
Secession is dead only if might makes right
Yet another shameful Clinton episode
Another forgotten hero
Entertaining, moving, and for its audience, inspirational
Not just great food writing, but great writing
Arguing past each other
Some pretty darn easy targets
A much better mix this time
&quot;The first great book of the twenty-first century&quot;
A few ingredients short
Feminism with a future
Wishing for someplace to get away TO
Nice photos, but little context save the commercial one
Glossy photos, glossy history
His history, his place in history
Excuse my gushing, but this book is REALLY good
Not as comprehensive as I once believed
Every occupation has its celebrities.
A little old now, but still worth taking with you.
Great reference for the inquisitive
East, west, home's best
The best Churchill picture book
An okay way to pass the time
Won't be a textbook at West Point, but still interesting
A good guide, but don't let it intimidate you
A family contract
'One of the most interesting presidents in decades'
How the personal informs the political in the Aloha State.
Are you SURE you want to be a chef?
Vital history of a much maligned group of people
Instructive for what it's not saying
Quocunque aspicias hic paradoxus erit
They didn't laugh
Would you agree or disagree with the following statement?
Now can we be done with this?
Eight million ways to tie
The Textbook
Blowing away the fog of myth and lies
Well might they ask
Mike proves it!
A thorough portrait ... but for whom?
Continuing a fine tradition
A good early introduction to the man
History grundled onward
'These invaluable ships'
Very moving personal history
A good personal narrative, but not flawless
The field marshal, the 'nervous nephew,' and the martyr
Good sea story, from a different perspective
What do the Swiss eat, anyway?
One of the few complete portraits of a fascinating man
Critical documentary and analytical source
Lobby the government for money to lobby the government
War amid ice and storm
Fine survey of one of the war's critical fronts
Indistinguishable hero, but still a good story
America's greatest forgotten hero
Filled with stories of heroism and loss
As timely now as when first published
Waking up to the 'frantic orthodoxy'
Ready, Aye Ready
Someone we all need to know better
A spirited defense of a nation and its traditions
Will stand the test of time
Entertaining and enlightening
Won't fit on the back of a Volvo
Death of a Thousand Cuts
Hardly worth the (little) effort of writing or reading
Things we weren't supposed to know
Failures that doomed a fleet
'Conservative' quotes, if not always quotes by conservatives
A Hymnal
A valiant attempt to right an historic wrong
The fog of war
Putting names and faces to the story of the attack
A man with too much to lose
Somewhat disappointing finish to the trilogy
Makes complex theory understandable
Eye-opening look at an influential family
Both the photography and the presentation are disappointing
Predictable and polemical
Great ideas, great analysis, great quotes
Garbage in, garbage out
Most of us never saw this Twain
Skip the filler, re-read the good parts
Essential reference for collectors and fans alike
'He just can't stand law enforcement.'
15 years later, parts of it are still worth a read
Not James Bond ... and Definitely Not 'Q'
Plausible counterfactuals believably presented
Entertaining intro to an interesting, if obscure, dynasty
Riordan has hit his stride
More Mex than Tex, but an okay general survey
Starts slow, speeds up, but can't quite equal the first book
Solid launch to a terrific series
Read this review! (The NSA probably has.)
History shapes individuals; individuals shape history
A free-market fight against socialist tyranny
Remarkable portrait of a larger-than-life character
Okay collection of stories, but incomplete history
Not another 'leadership' tome, but something special
Disjointed and Polemical
Sad Revelation of a Very British Coup
Useful contemporary resource
Valuable gems too easily overlooked
Episcopal epistles in an inspiring rear-guard action
If living through it wasn't enough...
Great story, brimming with Texas flavor (a good thing)
Facts and figures counter the myths
Shredding the curtain of lies
'Memory isn't history' ... but this sure is
A touching, exciting, educational, &amp; very entertaining story
Trampled by the March of History
Fact-filled history of the attack itself
An eye-opening look at resurgent Japan
Another Engrossing Reeman MTB Story
Essential and entertaining reference for all Americans
This changes everything
Sinatra, Borgnine, Carol Burnett and I were having dinner ..
Twice as Many Enemies
Tale of one of the War's Wrenching Tragedies
Comprehensive and Insightful but Not, Perhaps, Definitive
Exciting Action Under the Sea and Ashore
A Good Introduction, an Invitation to Further Study
One Ship, One Man, Two Wars
Essential History of Men Too Long Ignored
Thrilling Insider Look at Small-Boat Warfare
A great tool for non-Marines, too.
Good start to a story that's not over yet.
Less a History Text than a Prosecution Brief
English History Served Up for Americans
An insightful manifesto that tells us a lot
Not bad, as far as it goes
An Important Monarch but Unknown to Most Americans
A Fine Companion While Walking the Dogs
Loaded to the Gunwale With Superpowered Quake-Stuff ...
Disappointingly superficial
Essential Reading for any Serious Student of Royalty
Insider Views of a Fabled School
A Valiant Attempt to Cover a Vast and Varied Topic
Attempting to Ground 'A Church Adrift'
Predictable and Polemical
Answered my questions about this interesting event.
An interesting and entertaining memoir
There's more to Churchill than 1939-45
My Roscoe Sneezed Ka-Chee!
About the only aspect of Churchill left un-plumbed
Engrossing Life of the Man Behind the Speech
Great for political junkies and historians too.
Predictable and Polemical
A good, if not spectacular, basic reference
An important tool for setting the record straight
