Would that we had men of this caliber today...
Rough but intelligent mystery!
Interesting take on how the decisions we make impact future...
Hardships of life during depression continue to resonate...
Einstein's mind on many matters...
Disorganized, repetitive...
Great...give teens another 'bright' idea...
A 'must-have' book on shelves of teachers of science!
Another problems arises with DNA testing!
Another one drops dead in Crozet, Virginia...
Another story of courage in the face of great adversity...
An enjoyable stop on the crime scene timeline of Chee and Leaphorn...
British mystery at its hilarious best...
Thoroughly enjoyable read about a cross-section of our society...
Hillerman is consistently good...
History + Mystery = Hillerman
Nice, if repititious, history/grossology of scurvy...
Smart, savvy mysteries that require intelligent readers...
Heroics in the highest sense of the word!
I got a huge kick out of this one...
a book to make you count your blessings!
Interesting subject in boring science area still boring...
Wonderful, intelligent biography of great, but flawed person
Very intense, very large work of American history...
Much better book than her last few ones...
South America, medicine, and art...odd combo!
Simply beautiful...
Bad start to competitive medicine and pharmaceuticals!
Thank heavens for a decent college chem book!
Really well-written book about ridiculous feuds...
Fun book to look at...great for my classes.
I spent half of the book going HUH?
Ok, the textbooks need to change!
An exquisite photographic history of 1906 San Francisco
Reached peak early, then slowed down...
Sorry, but I am finding incredibly bad mistakes in this...
Rather staid look at group who deals with infectious disease
Unusual background for serial murders...
Wow...continuing to spin a great series!
Extremely frightening historical essay...
A Bay area native guages a 'shaking' novel....
Wonderful history behind our prestigious museum.
Ugh...
Muller's plotting is getting tired, but still like her books
Very nice photo-book about Wright's architecture.
Anna Pigeon goes to my home park!
Got a bone to pick with this author!!!!
Surprisingly great story-telling by Burke...
Intriguing book on how catastrophes impact nations...
Animal Lovers Unite!
Chases through the dark streets of 17th century London.
Simply one of the most incredible history books I've read!
A mystery in every bite...
An outstanding historical comparison...
Great historical mystery
Slightly long-winded bio stretching entire life...
O'Connor does it again!
Very BIG book on eugenics...dispassionate...
I find Albert's books very interesting mysteries...
Actually a four and 3/4 star mystery!
They just keep getting better!
Majorly cool book, in more ways than one!
Oh phooey, fun summer read...
Another enjoyable entry to the Potter series
Eating can be dangerous to your health!
One of the most depressing books I've ever read!
I should have read the reviews on this one first!!!
Back to her pace and quality mystery writing.
Unfortunately, I can believe this happened and still does!
Not my type of historical writing, thank you...
Alas, Yorick, fool that he was could not retain his head...
Pretty good thriller even if it strains credibility a bit!
Pretty good plot story, characterization needs work.
Rankin is one of the most intelligent writers of this genre!
Good starter book for beginners...
Great resource for those who suffer from thyroid problems.
Necessary and disturbing read on use of Nazi data...
Short, journalistic look into the reality of solving case...
Great scientist, good woman cheated of recognition...
Certainly one of the strangest nonfictions I've read!
Subject of book is not one I care to know more about.
Good writer, not her best book...
Nonfictional story simply races out of the pages of book!
One of the better self-help books I've looked at...
Frankly, I'd loathe to meet Pendergast in a dark place...
Pretty good mystery for first-time author.
Another fine, short, and concise piece of medical history.
Very long-winded, took a while to get to the point...
Poorly written, want-a-be thriller...
Every parent's nightmare come true...
Interesting, but not well-written or cohesive...
Ok guys, a bit off the deep end here???
And so a great mind leaves us for that long good night...
Decided to go back and read the first one...
Not the run-of-the-mill book about a serial murderer.
Engrossing, hilarious (sometimes) human nature book
Nothing like a good biological scare-mongering!
Doubting one's self as a cop is NOT good.
Without a doubt, the most superb biography ever written...
Rebus is torturing himself and making his bosses mad...
Very light-weight mystery with so-so writing....
Somebody's been playing in the gene pool again!
The ancients had their own degrees of wisdom...
Anthropology can be a very dangerous science!
Mystery involving a different way of life...
Critically acclaimed book on human impact on climate
Freakish discovery leads to museum caper...
Oh boy...did I go through this one fast!
An excellent pictorial book about weather
Physcially and psychologically Dark...
Quick, informative read for those who need to know...
Very dry, but vital reading concerning the Holocaust
Talk about an annoying protagonist!
Well-written, spectacular plotting, characterization so-so..
Lots &amp; lots of info on fox hunting in America!
Good British writing, but don't start with this segment...
A little psychology with your mystery, hmmm...?
Well-written history of an important legal precedent...
Don't start it unless you have time to finish it!
Fabuously frightening tale...
Great addition to my science book collection!
Religious does not necessarily mean 'good'...
Interesting historically, long-winded mysterically...
Must read for those concerned with bioethics!
Very different and dark Tudor mystery...
An artistically-done caper...literally!
Didn't have the scare/surprise factor of other books...
This was a strange find...
Somewhat repetitive medical history.
Politics of war lead to immense tragedy of innocents...
Politics of war lead to immense tragedy of innocents...
One of, if not the best of Barr's series!
Different viewpoint of the same problem.
I expected much better of Cornwell...
An ample dose of Victorian America...
Historical past of this national park is incredible...
A real historical who-done-it written well...
Wow...rough and scary going!
To be forewarned should be to forearmed...
Light-weight enjoyable who-done-it...
Well, the Pied Piper got what was coming to him...
Fairstein's mysteries are injected with reality...
Trust the British with their dry sense of humor...
Probably one of the best adventure/scifis ever...
Great story, would have liked more history in it!
Fascinating tale involving the Holocaust and memories...
Remembering that 'science' can be used to hurt others...
If you love these books, the classic edition!
Maybe should have been H is for 'huh?'
An essential cookbook for Christmas...
An incredible and all too possible tale.
I actually got through this!
Ugh...bad topic, convoluted plot, bad language...
Stephen King...stand aside! Reality is scarier...
What an unusual novel!
More-than-adequate writing, can't-put-down read!
Interesting information, but poorly organized book.
Hey, we all wish we could write like this at 80!
Excellent, interesting read for neuroscientists & others
Classic story, classy art from a classy illustrator.
Busloads and choirs full of fun...
"His closest companion was an iron rod."
Human error + Mother Nature equals major disaster...
Absorbing historical mystery with a few snarls....
Movie whets appetite, book fills it!
Couldn't get through it...others probably will!
A truly beautiful book in all the important ways.
They work for some people...better than making your own!
An old treasure in a new book cover!
Fantastic photographic impulse buy!
Pretty good effort for first book...
An absolute MUST for educators and parents of deaf children
Yikes...an oldie but goodie!
Makes for very complicated reading!
I beg to differ about this piece of nonfiction!
Finally, a top-notch resource for research in disability law
The way history should be taught...(but isn't)!
Interesting, with an ending I am still not sure about...
Outstanding analysis of tie between bipolar & creativity
'Fat Andy' and Pascoe - best modern mystery duo!
Great book on physicians as explorers/inventors!
It'd be thrilling, if it weren't so sad for immigrants!
Insanity as a social construct over the centuries...
Hmmm...not as good as his others!
English language, British humor at its best...
Fun, need-to-take-your mind-off-life book!
Praise for an observant, compassionate doctor
Original case establishing legal precedents - child abuse
This is required for all social/educational/psych writing!
First half-too long...2nd half - fantastic!
Incredible insight into a perplexing disorder...
Thoughtful  writing with intricately woven plots...
very so-so writing until the last few chapters....
Painfully slow...
Powerful and imaginative read!
If you have to take Statistics, at least get this book!
There's something about Mary!
Interesting use of the Lindbergh crime...
Short story collection of a funny couple of cops!
Intriguing case study with enormous implications...
An unusual plot for an unusual man...
The heart still aches for her and her family...
Extremely complicated story...almost too much so!
Avoid if possible!
Extraordinary, complex mystery with excellent writing!
Great historical who-done-it!
Historically interesting, mystery needs work...
Not up to par...
Intriguing, hard-to-read/hard-to-put down book!
Impressive science and persistence in the face of adversity
One of Barr's best and most intriguing mysteries...
I know this series is popular, but...
A View from the other side!
Unique insight into the world of someone with autism.
Clever story, good incorporation of history and archaeology.
Good book with an understanding doctor's guidance.
I knew we had problems...but obviously so do the British!
Much, much better...Cornwell's best story in a long while!
Sweet book, poignant stories about children...
I don't agree with everything...but well-written book!
Ok, now I get it!!!
Interested in U.S. eugenics movement, must have this book!
New generation of fantasy comparable to Tolkien, L'Engle!
Intricate, brainy novel on complexities of human beliefs.
Digging up the past, and a murder along with it!
Boring!!! Written for a very limited audience.
Magnificent story, incredible writing.
Fascinating mystery with a historical twist...
Enjoyable, lightweight whodunit.
Handy reference book for educational purposes.
Ending almost made up for the rest of the book!?!
The world is sliding into medical and social chaos...
Oh boy...I'm staying out of the water....
Remarkable book on an early eugenics/euthanasia physician
Intriguing, clever psychological thriller!
Not one of her better mysteries...
Thoroughly enjoyable addition to Grafton's series!
Wonderful gift for the hikers in your families!
Pretty good mystery-plot, characterization needs work.
Gould blows the lid off of prejudicial science!
Average, somewhat disappointing tale.
Alaska is a strange state...that's for sure!
About time someone wrote a narrative history of neuroscience
Gripping articles on epidemiology and public health.
As usual, the British write an excellent mystery!
A satisfying mystery by one of America's talented authors.
Respectable beginning text on virology.
Extremely different plot for a mystery!
Manual of prejudicial science on league with The Bell Curve!
One of Barr's best written mystery novels!
Brilliant, gifted inquiry into the 'why' of psychosurgery.
A roaringly flammable mystery!
Superb journalism of a horrific fire.
Self-experimentation by doctors...
Haunting history of AIDS and prejudice in science community.
Beautifully drawn prose from a gifted writer.
Great reference for every educator and lawyer in education.
Superb reference book!
Wow! A new, intelligent mystery.
Beautiful book for a beautiful home.
Impressive account of north meeting civilization.
Interesting, slight book on forensic science.
Interesting format for a book on a controversial subject.
Bad science that unfortunately affects many.
Exquisite book, radiant art to teach Christ's Parables.
Good genomic thriller, may be more detailed than understood!
Rough, difficult-to-read suspense.
Wonderful stories, wonderful doctor.
Wonderful story, much better than the movie!
Definite must for all who become involved with the deaf.
Great reference book for those who need help.
Taut fine writing about a family in crisis.
Definite must-read for anyone involved with Deaf children!
Short, concise book on the right and wrong of learning
Suspense or romance? Not the best read...
Enjoyable, albeit confusing at times...
Riotously funny from an outstanding scientist!
Hilarious medicine by a first-class curmudgeon!
Geneaology of the original 'feeble' family
Jance just gets better with time!
A fine job of writing for a difficult topic!
Great book for young learners...
Decent mystery, confusing at times.
Of all the versions, the one I prefer!
Fun read with a pace that picks up at the end
Sad history of Deaf people at hands of Nazis
Good book from a master writer in this genre.
For his first book, a superb job from a great historian.
I laughed so hard, I woke my husband up!
Fascinating history of deadly quackery!
Great story about a battle for equal access!
My first signing dictionary...
One of the best researched historical mystery
Disturbing, researched account of beginnings of Holocaust
One of my favorite, and best written accounts of human fault
As usual, Barr writes an enjoyable mystery.
Noguchi writes an enlightening book about forensic science.
A well-written, valid treatise on modularity.
These types of researchers are as odd as Weiner says!
If you get dragged on hikes by spouses, read this book!
Excellent resource for students and Labs!
One of the top nonfiction reads of the 90's!
An Essential Book for Educators and Computer Accessibility!
An educated and articulate thriller.
A great resource for biochemistry and medical students.
A beautifully done and accessible neuroanatomy text.
Enjoyable, slight book on criminalistics for beginners.
Hypochondriacs--Read at own risk!
Likable mystery, a little bit confusing...
She's done better jobs of writing before...
Should be required reading for neuroscientists/educators!
A decent, inexpensive book to have on your shelves.
One of my absolute favorite textbooks...
UGH! Sorry, but one of the worst textbooks...
Great richly woven tapestry of a mystery!
Should be a definite addition to any science teacher's shelf
An intensive study of American Sign Language as a language.
Magnificent science book for both children and adults!
Confusing archaeological mystery
An unbelievably great textbook!
A well-done compendium of health education for all ages.
One of the first of its kind!
Another great beginner book about viruses and their impact.
The best guide to writing a resume for degreed professionals
Not my favorite medical dictionary/manual.
An intelligent read for everyone interested in our future!
An exquisite book demonstrating the beauty of the hands.
A thorougly enjoyable thriller of a supernatural variety!
The best of all the medical dictionaries!
A good and relatively well-written mystery.
This book was not helpful for me as a teaching professional.
Interesting read for us non-mathematical inclined people!
Interesting and entertaining thriller that teaches!
The beginning book in Science reform for literacy.
For a required textbook not bad, as reference not organized!
The AAAS answer to &quot;how do we implement science literacy&quot;
Good solid book for both lawyers and educators.
Good writing about a killer plague!
Great thriller because it is possible!
The Ultimate biography on Harry Truman
A beginner's book for forensic science. Excellent!
The first, perhaps most terrifying of epidemic books.
A great compilation of law cases and how the ADA applies.
For the first mystery, a very good job.
A knockout thriller!
For ALL Educators who care about reforms and the disabled!
Slim book, concise writing about the brain.
Stephen Pinker is a scream!
Interesting story, dry writing.
Definitely not her best!
Believably scary, especially for a Deaf person!
Finally, a great compilation of good linguistic papers!
Not her best, but enjoyable nonetheless...
Different from his other books, but a knockout mystery.
A must for everyone who appreciates good one-liners!
The first Real ASL dictionary.
An agonizing read of medical irresponsibility
One of the Better ASL Dictionaries.
A good mystery with a protagonist with a twist.
A good solid beginning for those interested in the brain
A remarkable read for educators of the hearing impaired!
Oldie, but goodie!
An old favorite which I still remember after 30 years!
Well, she doesn't need any help from me!
Fascinating story, readable book
A Magnificent Book
Kudos to Hockenberry from a Deafie!
Witty and accessible guide for everyone
Finally an understandable book on virology!
Entertaining science
An interesting read
Excellent book on cognitive learning
A must-read for everybody
Excellent book for reference/teaching about science
First book written concerning interpreters and education
A must read for those with disabilities.
Excellent book for those interested in cognition of the hand
Great Book
