Orange cups? Sardine servers? Read on . . .
Ten stars, at least!
Very good study of two important but overlooked figures
Good overview
The best thing I've seen on early Anjou
Excellent introduction to & overview of the subject
Lovely and very informative work
Very good chronicle of a fascinating family
The royal distaff side
Mediocre writing but amazing and nuanced art
This growing series will keep me busy for a long time!
A treasure in the study of material culture
Ah, the poverty of Times New Roman . . .
Probably of interest to heraldicists, too
Worth a look
Not worth the time, even if you have bored little kids
May think he's the God of Usage, but he's only half-right . . .
Just what I needed -- more titles on my "to read" list!
Nobody ever went broke . . .
Can you see the rage of a snail?
Good modern intro to Buddhism for Western readers
Slanted but pretty good
Probably the best source in English
Not scholarly but a good starting place
Henry's court was not for the faint of heart
Interest theory, good writing, good overview of the court
Expert study of the losers
Good source on Henry's manipulation of the aristocracy
Specialized but very good study on Outre-Mer
Belgium would have been much better off with only a prime minister
What a mob. . . .
Interesting collection of specialist papers
Asia plays by different rules, and they're two-thirds of the world . . .
Miss Manners rides again!
Above-average new series
An easy family to be rid of
Good study of a (deservedly) doomed family
More than a dozen Hanoverians
Best semi-serious study I'm seen of the House of Windsor
It's what they're *for* -- maybe.
A great way to spend a weekend
Terrific time-sink
There goes my budget . . .
Terrific example of reminiscence-as-art
Lights! Action! Picture Box!
Hornby's best yet
Has potential but never quite delivers
An antidote for psychic pain at the multiplex
Realistic, thoughtful, and affecting
Best thing I've seen on this period
Terrific -- until the last two chapters
Excellent ready-reference tool
Highly recommended for the early British feudal aristocracy
Generally good overview of the state of European monarchy on the cusp of the new millenium
Good survey of recent scholarship
The best overview of the physical Domesday Book yet written
Not easy reading but excellent historical study
Excellent writing about an under-explored section of American culture
Excellent analysis of an active queen, beyond the biographical details
Not much new on Victoria's family, but some interesting unsubstantiated speculations
Historical narrative writing at its very best
Excellent overview of the real institution of "ladyship"
Frothy but readable
Excellent overview of the real institution of knighthood
First-rate dynastic study
First-rate and highly readable dynastic history
Amazing and unpredictable novel, beautifully written
Very, very useful in explaining how Japan is changing
A fun couple of hours' read
Excellent historical anthropology of the bad old days
A lovely time-sink . . .
Okay, but nothing much to set it apart from the crowd
Best source available on systems of Continental heraldry
Classic work from the leading authority
Great fun for armchair adventurers
Excellent historical & genealogical resource
Already the standard compiled source
Of academic interest to genealogists
Always an interesting read
Terrific balance to the Gotha itself
Excellent overview of the County of Toulouse
From autocratic back-country Germans to ancestors of all of Europe's royal houses
Excellent source of basic information on an ancient Irish family
Important study of the early Anglo-Norman upper class
For the reference shelf of any Norman conquest nut
Very good introduction to what the English peerage is and how it started
Very competent reference source
What the chronicles & official accounts don't tell you
All the arguments under one roof
But why publish something like this in black-and-white?!
Major source for Byzantine afficianados
Outstanding case study
Save your time and money
A last resort only
Very high-quality collective biography
Engrossing study with excellent methodology
There are *much* better resources
Highly recommended for "early modern" historians
There's always something more to say about Victoria!
One of the best heraldry texts around
Fascinating and insightful
The best "peerage storyteller" around!
Really the only thing of its kind on an important Byzantine family
Important essay collection in a growing field
A gorgeous "drool" book
Important and useful personal view at a critical time for the House of Lords
Good peerage history (and they're not going away any time soon!)
Very good treatment of a relatively obscure "royal" topic
Maybe the best book of its kind on the market
Good effort, with caveats
Unusual coming-of-age novel
Totally unserious and lots of fun
Okay -- but Moore can do better than this
Pull on your wellies and grab your hard-hat
Grab your brolly and your roadmap and hit the road
I like Swanwick and I enjoy SF short fiction . . . just not most of these
Varley can do *much* better than this . . .
Very, very original
Reid is always an excellent read . . .
Enter another world
Pretty good installment in an excellent series
Easily the best book (so far) on a difficult subject
Excellent work, as always
Excellent pictorial/narrative series
First-rate coffe table book for graveyard junkies
Be patient -- reading this book is worth the effort!
Compact and useful, but I still wish there were more of it
Slightly uncomfortable look back at the way we used to be
I'm ready to move!
Disturbing but fascinating
Good, but getting a little old
A great piece of time-traveling
A great book to lose yourself in
Just one more volume to go . . . I think
A shaggy bulldog story
Some part of the world never change
Good story, poor editing
A great disappointment
An exhaustingly amazing novel
Defending Fort Sumter
A fine book about fine books
Excellent guide to a relatively newsubject
Must-buy for the genealogy librarian!
A first-rate textbook . . .
Good coverage of a small community
A virtual marvel
Up to Judy's usual high standards
Not bad -- but not what it's advertised to be
"Treading water -- an illusion of parity with the sea"
Most authoritative secondary work I've seen . . .
VERY high quality work
Terrific resource, and not just for anime fans
Well, there goes my self-imposed comics allowance . . .
Would be better with an original idea or two
Survival advice for a very, very strange world
High-quality writing, but too scatter-shot
New York, New York . . . .
An excellent starting place
Amazing writing . . .
Very, very promising work
Terrific work by a terrific novelist (and not just YA genre)
Some good stuff here
This is what a graphic novel should be!
With a little work, could be a very good series
Better story than art, unfortunately
Wheels within wheels . . .
Japanese lit joins the real world
Won't change the mind of any reader, though . . .
The safeword is 'power'
Lethem's best so far . . .
. . . TICK . . .
Compelling reading for anyone with ancestors . . . .
A lie travels around the world . . .
Coppers skating on thin ice
Almost too BIG for your coffee table . . .
"Surely my uncle is Bjorn Stronginthearm"!
Excellent introduction to "unseen" social history
This book really measures up!
It's a million-to-one chance, but it might just work!
McDevitt is capable of MUCH better than this . . .
A truly literate and literary graphic novel
Kind of a disappointment . . .
Not bad, even with the overly chatty style
One of  the best writers working today in ANY genre
The town from which St. Cloud is a big city
Pass the bialys and lutefisk, please
Happy books with homes like these!
And his point is . . . ?
Justice vs. national political expediency. . . ?
I'm not impressed . . .
As funny as, mostly.
Could have been much, much better . . .
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum
An extraordinary, complex novel
Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy
Better and better and better . . .
This isn't Goethe's Faust . . . .
Not your ordinary "hero" . . .
Near the top of her form
Rings all the changes . . .
Look no farther -- this is the book you need!
I'm probably missing something here . . .
The best thing of its kind, period (and here's why . . .)
Possibly the best thing of its kind
Miami's slyest booster (sort of)
A "shoulder shrugger" . . .
Ironically, not very well organized (but good info)
Perhaps the best thing available in this crowded field
When is the movie coming out?
A world of Mediocreheroes . . .
Giggle, giggle, snicker, guffaw. . . .
Maisie is a hard person to like . . .
Growing up is never easy . . .
Now I'll have to see the movie . . .
No one will ever write a book like this about television
First-class writing . . .
A well-written, not-nice story
One of Heinlein's best -- ever.
A terrific read, as always
Not great sf but a lot of fun . . .
Lotsa problems here . . .
Stunning, involving, thoughtful, and beautifully written
Not his best, but pretty good
The first by one of the best
An insufficiently-known classic
A critical mass of critics . . .
A new master of best usage
Perhaps the most inventive author around these days
A terrific beginning to a new series
Not your classical science fiction
A risqu&eacute; romp by a master of the tongue (so to speak)
One of THE best historical novels about medieval England
I'd like to give this book TEN stars . . .
Too bad it isn't twice as long . . .
A very good intro to the art AND craft of Photoshop
Raise the Red Flag!
I don't like the new Cuisinart either
A hopefully temporary down-turn in the series
Better and better . . .
So -- *Is* fruit a dessert. . . ?
How to be rich and famous. Or at least rich. Maybe.
Alan Lewrie meets the French Revolution
Best new sf author in a decade . . .
What do you do when there's no war to fight?
One of the greatest novels in English -- ever . . .
What, no back yard deck?
Is Lambdin getting tired of the series?
Get out your reading list . . .
How about a &quot;Lilycrop&quot; series?
Better and better . . .
Less cooking this time, and more shooting . . .
You should never skip breakfast . . .
Sure beats "Last Days of Pompeii"!
If he cooks as well as he writes . . .
Some themes never go out of date . . .
Excellent, as (almost) always . . .
First-rate marriage of two genres
Good but not his best
A guide, not a manual . . .
And I'm NOT the author . . .
The best reference work available on the subject
Possibly the best in the Discworld series
Oxford can do much better than this . . .
SQUEAK? SQUEAK.
Ellis understands . . .
Read this after polishing your SUNFISH . . .
Excellent material, mediocre editing . . .
Not your ordinary murder mystery . . .
Somewhat flawed but still a basic reference tool
Excellent guide to a little-used source
Excellent source for an under-studied period in La. history
Excellent substitute for missing vital records
High quality -- and almost the only thing of its kind
A master of the unadorned style . . .
Okay, but not his best . . .
The World War before we had to start numbering them . . .
Be careful where you run in the rain . . .
Remember this book the next party you go to . . .
Death isn't all it's cracked up to be . . .
A terrific way to waste an afternoon
A gorgeous book and a great time-sink . . .
Interesting book to read during the holidays!
Turtledove is getting very, very lazy
Great stuff indeed
Keeps getting better and better . . .
Hasn't Hollywood read these great books?
Minor (for Lodge) but still above average . . .
Like I *need* another thirty years worth of good reading....
For some of us, this is great bedtime reading . . .
It's not easy being the new guy . . .
I can't wait for Kovacs's next appearance . . .
Only as honorable as he has to be . . .
He's gonna have to be careful with #4 in the series . . .
Gorgeous example of the illustrator's art
Good work by an expert . . .
Could have been much, much better . . .
This book is a terrific time-sink!
Hey, don't categorize this as "just" a kids' book!
An extraordinary piece of work -- and no superheroes!
Love to eat them mousies . . .
She ain't your mother's Nancy Drew!
It was a very different world
If only I had the money . . .
What a romp!
Could have been MUCH better . . .
Men are from Mars, Janey is from Alpha Centauri . . .
Listen in to some our greatest oddball minds . . .
Interesting, but limited, source
Best thing I've found about succeeding on eBay . . .
Expert genealogical methodology -- and readable, too!
A great story from a great storyteller . . .
A very poor &quot;dictionary&quot;
Good source for those busy evenings . . .
Up to Nicol's usual high standards . . .
Start packing your bags . . .
Is there a concensus of opinion on this book . . . ?
Le Carr&eacute; makes the best  of a post-Cold War world . . .
A soldier is a soldier, wherever and whenever . . .
Never throw a dead bocor into the sea . . .
Middle of the bell curve . . .
*munch* *munch* *gulp*
Some interesting bits, . . . but not enough of them
Best -- and only -- thing of its kind
Decent VERY basic source, but could have been better
Good stories, not necessarily good alternate history . . .
Good idea badly handled . . .
You'll love it, or you'll loath it -- no middle ground . . .
Good ideas but too short to develop them properly . . .
Save your money . . .
Cherryh's early stuff is still her best . . .
Wonderful reading, as always
Columbia had better watch out!
yuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuum . . .
NOt as good as it ought to have been . . .
One for the reference shelf . . .
Superior YA fiction!
Francis Meehan, Recidivist
Mediocre implementation of a good idea . . .
High school's not what it used to be -- and never was . . .
An underappreciated area of Civil War studies . . .
An absolutely amazing, riveting book . . .
Worth reading as well as looking at . . .
An excellent guide for research librarians
Excellent instruction for librarians . . .
Quiet, nice stories . . . and that's okay sometimes
A gorgeous piece of writing . . .
There *are* shepherds in Shepher's Bush . . .
First-rate entry in a very good series . . .
Good idea, not so good execution . . .
Another excellent entry in a very good series . . .
Above-average chicken cookbook . . .
A pretty good book combined with a pretty bad book . . .
A delightful and very usable book . . .
Never a false note . . .
Stand back, human, you don't know what you're dealing with!
Cherryh's masterwork . . .
A pretty good middle volume . . .
He took a duck in the face at 250 knots . . .
One of the better entries in the series -- so far . . .
Pretty good mystery + social exposition
There's nothing like a night on the town in old London . . .
Baker may be losing his grip on the plot . . .
Not quite as good as the first two, but . . .
An excellent historical detective series
Excellent case study of an aristocratic family
First-rate collection of popular family history
Suffers from several deficiencies, but useful
It's not all romance in Victorian London . . .
Readable, but not the best source on the subject
One of Cherryh's best . . .
A major disappointment . . .
Interesting and very peculiar collection . . .
Extraordinarily good fantasy writing . . .
A good resource, with certain reservations
Probably the best thing available in this field
Wooster keeps his title as &quot;top living Texas historian&quot;
Terrific sf-fantasy for young readers *OR* adults . . .
A winning departure for Collins . . .
First-rate historical fiction!
An above-average cookbook . . .
Another good one from BH&amp;G . . .
One of the digicam/image editing books I've seen!
Good but not great . . .
One of the best recent collections I've read . . .
Social competition at the highest level . . .
Terrific new treatment of a very old aristocracy
And so we bid farewell to our dynamic duo . . . .
Killick gets his comeuppence . . . !
Plush often leads to folly . . .
Another rousing adventure in the series
Definitely one for my ready reference shelf
Never look a llama in the eye . . .
Nice addition to my fantasy art shelf . . .
Not at all his best . . .
Always dependable for a gripping character-based story
Never trust a platypus . . .
Acceptable addition to your shelf of chicken cookbooks
Pass the spleen, please, Doctor
Well-researched and more fun to read than Durant
O'Brian returns to high form!
Maturin's up, Aubrey's down
Good, fun pop sociology
O'Brian's getting cramped for history. . . .
A good second novel -- but it could have much better
One of the better bread machine books
A novice-level approach to semi-gourmet cooking
Aubrey emulates Moses! (sort of)
Sophisticated but (mostly) easy receipes
Disappointingly hoity-toity
Interesting, but not one of his best
Excellent regional/ethnic history
Good introduction to archival genealogy
Not the best reading club book but useful . . .
Another classic work from the master on N.O. architecture
Excellent, excellent, excellent!
Better noir SF than detective fiction . . .
From Brazil to Boston to the Baltic!
O'Brian is back in stride after a slight stumble . . .
Some great scenes, but far from his best book . . .
First-rate REAL historical fiction!
Terrific writing, terrific characters, terrific seamanship!
Hilarious and thoughtful
One of the best writers of short stories ever
The perfect Aubrey-Maturin companion . . .
A side of  Tudors not often covered
A great story -- O'Brian reaches a first peak . . .
A very human sort of hero . . .
One of the best sea-story series around
One of the better Royal Navy sea yarn series
Got advertising?
A fascinating life-of-the-mind yarn, with occasional sex
Good, but not great
Wow, what a future . . . !
An intriguing examination of what makes them tick
Mitchell is slipping . . .
This is NOT "Memoirs of a Geisha"!
This is NOT "Memoirs of a Geisha"!
A gorgeous, glorious book . . .
A near-masterpiece of alternate world storytelling
"Hard" science fiction of high quality
The classic teleportation novel
A superior procedural
Far above average
Quite a good novel by an author I never cared for. . . .
Could have been better . . .
It's a REALLY different world
Very, very nice
Could have been MUCH better . . .
Maintains his high standard!
Terrific combination of visual history and nostalgia
A model of family history writing
Terrific gift book for any LSU grad
Terrific resource covering difficult sources
Probably the best thing published on this subject
Terrific resource on a difficult subject
Excellent for do-it-yourself photo preservation
Not the best, but not bad
Useful, with reservations
Absolutely essential for any genealogist
Absolutely essential for all American genealogists
Useful sources and reminders, but the web site is better
Useful compilation of high-quality research
A fun read -- and useful information, too
High quality local history
A semi-classic
A terrific guide book
Fascinating and scholarly introduction to English names
Terrific book to take along on field trips
Very well written and very informative
Terrific source on colonial Maryland
A look back at an adventurous life
Very useful resource for would-be family history publishers
Absolutely essential for any genealogist!
Far from this author's best work
Terrific book for looking below the surface
Excellent, though very basic, textbook
Well-written, well-balanced history
Essential for all genealogists
Helps to tell the WHOLE story . . .
Terrific how-to volume
Genealogical writing at its very best!
Probably the best thing available in its subject
Far from the best, but not bad
Conclusion of one of the best modern trilogies ever written
Excellent, inexpensive how-to for the family historian
Le Carr&eacute; can't be beat!
Le Carré can't be beat!
The best ever, no argument
No, not the best . . .
Terrific ammo for pro-republicans in Britain
Far, far from his best . . .
Teriffic way to discover your next favorite book
Nice visual &amp; text intro to the classic English village
An okay time travel story
Terrific what-if-ing . . .
Lodge's batting average remains high
A nice nostalgia trip for us old guys . . .
Urban noir, semi-cyberpunk, and very good writing
This one will keep you up all night . . .
Not you Winnie-the-Pooh!
Ferber never goes out of date
He should stick to analysis . . .
Bad. Really, really bad.
An okay not-quite-finished book . . .
Bad history. Really, really bad.
A great start for a major writer . . .
One of the best from one of the best . . .
Classic Carolingian biography
A great mystery author with terrific character-smarts
Benford can do much better than this
Very classy modern-urban-techno-mystery with good characters
Best thing available on this family, in any language
Nice bird's-eye stuff . . .
THE very best author of historical fiction today
"This is Japan. Expect the unexpected"
Good SCIENCE fiction for non-scientists
You did WHAT to your grandmother?!
Don't look behind you!
Hilarious and absorbing . . .
Not bad, but a bit sloppy . . .
Very misleading name!
Good reference source . . .
Good source for a neglected subject . . .
Finding &quot;The Other&quot; in Japan . . .
Excellent story of the next step in evolution
A quietly written, thoroughly involving grabber
An excellent psychological character novel
A feast for foodies . . .
A unique sort of guide
Tries to cram too much into too small a space . . .
The City as it *should* be experienced . . .
A great disappointment!
I'll stick with Robert Eversz . . .
Not Powers's best, but still exceptional
A pretty uncomfortable book . . .
Some of the best from one of the best
Working at home and loving it!
Not your father's London . . .
A very disappointing sequel
From the experts . . .
Remember, this is fiction, not a political text!
Perhaps not his best -- but very, very good
The best how-to book on drawing -- bar none
At least as good as Gibson and better than Sterling
Absorbing mind-candy for the medievalist
Useful but a bit tedious
Pretty good introductory treatment
Excellent continuation of _Noble Privilege_
Excellent and very detailed study
Can you properly portray history in the movies?
Interesting, but . . .
Complicated, bloodcurdling, and strange -- but good!
Pretty good, but not her best
Good essay collection on the Wars of the Roses
Good study of high-level politics in Anglo-Norman England
Excellent treatment of the Anglo-Norman nobility
Essays from a master historian
Excellent introduction to the psychological side of monarchy
What a family! What a book!
The first one-ninth of a marvellous trilogy of trilogies
An unforgettable book, period!
An extraordinary resource
*Essential* for peerage research
Good &quot;historical&quot; reading for Lodge fans
First-rate family study
Excellent architectural history, good family history, too!
Not a &quot;murder mystery&quot; -- just a *very* impressive novel
Great book to browse sprawled in your own library . . .
Easily up to her very high standards!
Successful castaway in quasi-feudal Pennsylvania
A return to high quality
Your cat will probably enjoy this one. . . .
Excellent guide &amp; history of what's left to see in London
Very hip and lots of fun
This one's okay, but far from her best
Monarchy isn't what it used to be . . .
Harvard grads may not like this one
Some very odd jobs indeed . . .
The birth of an &quot;angry young man&quot;
Problems arise . . .
O fish, are you constant to the old covenant?
A great and addictive time-sink!
The classic reference source for Continental heraldry
Much better than Burke's, actually
Very good reference source, but for Scots only
Possibly Burke's best publication
Excellent basic source for British heraldic theory
A pretty good introduction
A gorgeous book -- for black &amp; white
A classic reference tool
Very specialized, but a very nice book
A gorgeous book
Much better than the Burke's average
Probably the best recent introduction
An excellent addition to your heraldry shelf
The definitive source for the subject
A semi-recommended source
A excellent adjunct to heraldic study
An excellent quick-reference work
Mandatory reading for medievalists
Fascinating piece of work on the Stewart line
Very handy reference work
Terrific ready-reference volume
Excellent source on German lesser nobility
Excellent source for its subject
Still great reading after eight centuries
Best source available for the Russian royal house
Too expensive for what it is (and isn't)
Stay away from this one!
Good for ready-reference
Still the best source on the Irish peerage
A good source, with reservations
Best source on the baronetage
Best thing of its kind
Di's American background
Who gets to belong to the club and who doesn't
Absolutely the best thing available!
A true classic in the subject
Even if you don't read fantasy, you'll like this one
Good resource material, with reservations
A classic, since replaced by better scholarship
A gorgeous book, for what it is
Definitive source on British knighthood
A coffee table book of the best kind
Well-written and entertaining
Excellent starting point on this dynasty
A good first book on the subject
Monte Carlo is more than a casino
Very high quality popular histsory
Compulsive reading!
Now the classic work on John of Gaunt
Excellent treatment of this family
Very high quality popular history
Excellent work on a fascinating dynasty
Whadda buncha dynastic losers. . . .
High quality popular history
Firt-rate dynastic history
A strange family . . .
Another coffee table book of the best kind
Good starting point on the Capetian dynasty
Annoying opinions but good information
A classic treatment of the subject
Originally published in 1930 and still fascinating
Sometimes difficult but worth the effort
A good introduction
Witty, anecdotal, and on the mark
Marginalization of the elite
Excellent reference volume
A good introduction to the subject
REquired reading for students of Russian history
Fascinating anecdotal history of titled scapegraces
Should NEVER have been let go out of print!
Nontechnical and a classic on the upper peerage
A classic reference work &amp; introductory text
Required reading for &quot;early modern&quot; history
An excellent medieval case study
Maybe the best thing around on the French monarchy
Hard to believe this is a century old!
Required reading for students of the Capetians
Nicely illustrated nostalgia
Classic on the Scottish monarchy
A standard work in late medieval English history
Slow going but an extraordinary piece of work
Standard work on the Stuarts in France
Fascinating and intriguing
Memoir of a superhero, '20s style
A small jewell by a jewell of a weiter
Are they on their way out? Or still hanging on?
Captivating and disturbing and true-to-afterlife . . .
Define &quot;mystery&quot; . . .
Kind of disappointing . . .
Historical fiction for economists . . .
Bravura debut novel . . .
The best work of one of the best SF writers around . . .
Some good stuff but hasn't aged very well . . .
Excellent &quot;easy&quot; history
High quality geopolitcal military history
Hey, why not learn from one of the best?
Fluffy, but fun
Middle-age crazy in academe
The genesis of steam punk?
A terrific read . . .
Not your ordinary killer
Westlake does it again . . .
A rediscovered small gem
A first-rate historical . . .
A great writers' browsing book . . .
Sure beats &quot;What Color Is My Parachute&quot;!
Simply, an extraordinary book
His best . . . after Steel Beach &amp; Ophiuchi Hotline...
A terrific &quot;thinking man's&quot; novel . . .
First-rate suspense writing . . .
Books in their natural habitats . . .
Vidal shows his teeth!
An exceptional alternate history collection
A pretty good story -- BUT . . .
A top-shelf reference book
Let this book soak into your bones
A lot more fun than &quot;A Thousand Acres&quot;
